010 is the tenth album from Japanese Punk Techno band The Mad Capsule Markets .
This album proved to be more commercial and more techno-based than Osc-Dis , with heavily synthesized songs like Introduction 010 and Come .
Founding member Kojima Minoru played guitar on Good Day , and Wardanceis cover of a song by UK post punk industrial band Killing Joke .
XXX can of This had a different meaning , and most people did n't understand what the song was about .
The 139th was formed at Camp Howe , near Pittsburgh , on September 1 , 1862 .
Frederick H. Collier was the first colonel .
After burying the dead on the field of Second Battle of Bull Run , the regiment was attached to Howe 's Brigade of Couch 's Division of the IV Corps of the Army of the Potomac where it replaced De Trobriand 's 55th New York , Gardes Lafayette regiment on September 11 , 1862 .
The 139th along with its brigade and division spent the next week marching from Poolesville to Sandy Hook , Maryland from where on September 17 , 1862 , it was forced marched to the Battle of Antietam where it was placed in line of battle but did not see any significant combat .
The next day , the regiment pursued the Confederate army and fought in a skirmish at Williamsport .
The 139th was transferred in October 1862 to the VI Corps .
In the Battle of Fredericksburg , it suffered minor casualties from artillery fire , but did n't get a chance to fight .
Throughout the spring and into early summer of 1864 , the 139th fought in Grant 's Overland Campaign and the early stages of the Siege of Petersburg .
In July , it was transferred to Washington , D.C. with the rest of the VI Corps to defeat Lt. Gen. Jubal Early 's attack on the city .
Then they fought under Philip Sheridan in the Valley to ensure that no more Confederate armies would invade again .
( See the article on the campaign ) .
After the surrender at Appomattox Courthouse , it was ordered to the North Carolina border to support William T. Sherman , but the Confederate surrender there made further support unnecessary .
The regiment was mustered out June 21 , 1865 .
The 1896 Atlantic City rail crash occurred shortly after 6:30 pm on July 30 , 1896 at a crossing just west of Atlantic City , New Jersey , crushing five loaded passenger coaches , killing 50 and seriously injuring approximately 60 .
The engine of the Reading train was wrecked , the engineer killed , and the fireman fatally injured .
The car behind it was thrown from the track and many of its occupants were killed or injured .
In 1896 , leaving Atlantic City , the tracks of the West Jersey Road ran parallel to those of the Camden and Atlantic until they crossed the drawbridge , when they switched off to the south , crossing the Reading Road at an oblique angle .
John Greiner , the engineer of the West Jersey train , saw the Reading train approaching the crossing at a swift speed , but as the signals were open for him to proceed on his way , he continued .
The engine of the Reading train was thrown to the other side of the track , carrying with it the first coach .
A few minutes after the collision , the boiler of the Reading locomotive exploded , scalding several to death and casting boiling spray over many of the injured passengers .
As soon as the news reached Atlantic City it spread rapidly , and thousands of people flocked to the scene .
The road leading to the collision was a constant scene of hackney carriages , omnibuses , bicycles , and all kinds of vehicles , while thousands of pedestrians hurried along the path to render what assistance they could or to satisfy their curiosity .
The wounded were quickly gathered together and carried by train and wagon to the Atlantic City Hospital , where six of them died shortly after their arrival .
Two others died within a day , with 42 having been killed at the collision scene .
The old Excursion House at the foot of Mississippi Avenue was converted into a morgue , and the dead were taken there .
During the first night after the crash , the streets in the vicinity of the Excursion House and the City Hospital , as well as the road leading to the scene of the accident , were packed with people anxious to learn the latest news .
These surgeons materially aided Atlantic City 's volunteer corps , which was composed of almost every physician then living in the city .
Many of the injured were taken to hotels , as the city hospitals soon became overcrowded .
About thirty of the wounded had their injuries dressed and were able to proceed on their way .
The wife of Edward Farr , the Reading engineer who died while on the job , and was found with one hand on the throttle and the other on the brake , when informed of the accident and of her husband 's death , was unable to withstand the shock , and fell to the floor dead .
( The signalling system worked as follows : the interlocking block system was used .
There were three poles with semaphores controlled by the tower on the reading tracks and two on the West Jersey .
The pole furthest from the tower on the Reading tracks was distant about 2,000 yards .
The other two were much closer .
He obeyed , and made no further explanation .
Pending an investigation , Hauser was put under arrest by the coroner , but was released on $500 bond .
A jury was impanelled the following day .
Testimony on August 4 appeared to implicate the dead Reading Railroad express engineer , Edward Farr .
Only two weeks previous to the accident his train was signalled to stop at that very crossing , and he promptly brought his train under control .
The coroner 's jury returned verdicts on August 7 .
Six jurors merely stated the manner of the passengers ' deaths .
Three found that " Engineer Edward D .
The 2007 Bowling Green Falcons football team represented Bowling Green State University in the 2007 NCAA football season .
The team was coached by Gregg Brandon and played their home games in Doyt Perry Stadium in Bowling Green , Ohio .
It was the 89th season of play for the Falcons .
Bowling Green was picked to finish fifth in the MAC East Division by the MAC News Media Association .
Three Falcons , Senior Kory Lichtensteiger and Juniors Erique Dozier and Corey Partridge , garnered preseason honors by being named to All-MAC preseason teams .
The 2007 Bowling Green Falcons football team consists of 95 total players .
The class breakdown of these players is 12 seniors , 21 juniors , 30 sophomores , 12 redshirt freshman , and 18 true freshman .
As the 2007 college football season neared the end , many organizations began to announce finalists and winners of various post-season awards .
Kory Lichtensteiger was named a finalist for the Rimington Trophy , given to the nation 's best center .
He was one of 6 athletes recognized .
Bowling Green also had eight players make the All-Conference Teams ( the fourth most of any school in the MAC ) .
Created in 1998 by Jared Leto and his brother , Shannon , 30 Seconds to Mars began as a small family project .
Things began to speed up quickly , and Matt Wachter later joined the band as bassist and keyboard player .
After working with small revolving door of guitarists ( as the band 's first two guitarists , Kevin Drake and Solon Bixler , left the band due to issues primarily related to touring ) , the three auditioned Tomo Miličević to round out the band 's roster .
According to an interview from Virgin Records , the band 's name
For this effort , the band traveled ( during the course of three years ) to four continents , to perfect their sound and also to allow for Jared 's film career .
The album was produced by Josh Abraham , whose producing credits also include Orgy , Velvet Revolver , and Linkin Park .
Because A Beautiful Lie was leaked five months before its release , the band decided to include two bonus tracks : " Battle of One " ( an original song that was also set to be the album 's title track when it was first announced ) and " Hunter " ( a cover of the Björkband song ) .
To further promote the album , the band also enclosed " golden tickets " in 12 copies , which granted their owners access to any 30 Seconds to Mars concert free of charge , along with backstage access .
In the video members of the band reenact scenes from The Shining .
A Beautiful Lie was certified platinum by the RIAA in January for distribution of over 1,000,000 albums .
In October , the band began their " Welcome to the Universe " tour , sponsored by MTV2 .
They were supported on this tour by Head Automatica , The Receiving End of Sirens , Cobra Starship , and several other bands including Street Drum Corps .
We fueled the bus with vegetable oil , " he explains .
On November 20 , MTV2 premiered the video for " From Yesterday " ; the video is the first American rock video ever shot in its entirety in the People 's Republic of China .
The music video is loosely based on the film The Last Emperor .
On April 29 , 2007 , the band performed at the Australian MTV Australia Video Music Awards , where they were nominated for three awards , winning " Best Rock Video " and " Video of the Year " for " The Kill " .
Following other commitments , they will begin working on their third album .
Following the release of " From Yesterday " as a single , the band posted a link on their MySpace blog to vote for the next single from A Beautiful Lie .
The choices available were " A Beautiful Lie " , " The Fantasy " , " Savior " , and " The Story " .
Another vote was done later between the top two songs , " A Beautiful Lie " and " The Fantasy " .
Awards 2007 - Best International Newcomer and Best Single - The Kill .
On August 24th , they had only won the award for ' Best Single , ' which was The Kill .
The other award was lost to Madina Lake .
On November 1 , 2007 , the band won the MTV Europe Music Award for " Rock Out " , one of the two catorgories they were nominated in .
31 other bands and artists such as Justin Timberlake , Gwen Stefani , Linkin Park and Avenged Sevenfold were also included in the contest .
The band 's phoenix logo ( which the band named " Mithra " ) bears the phrase " Provehito in Altum " , the band 's motto .
Roughly translated from Latin , this means " Launch forth into the deep " ; but a more stylized version would be " Rocket in ( to ) High ( ness ) " .
The logo was primarily used for promotion of the band 's debut , whereas for A Beautiful Lie , the new Trinity logo was created consisting of three skulls , along with the band 's name and motto .
The band made acoustic versions of songs from their second album A Beautiful Lie .
Some of the acoustics have been included in some versions of the album , e.g. Was it a Dream ? ( Acoustic ) .
In addition to the tracks on their two full-length releases thus far , the band has also recorded a few other tracks .
Among these tracks are " Phase 1 : Fortification " and " Valhalla " , the latter of which was present on an early demo .
" Revolution " was also recorded for the self-titled album , but was n't included because it did n't fit the theme of the album , and because of fear that listeners would take the lyrics too literally , especially after the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
" Occam 's Razor " was also recorded , but was never included on any of the band 's releases .
As a result , it is considered the most difficult to locate of the five unreleased tracks .
Demo versions of songs on the band 's self-titled debut were also slightly different , along with different names .
During recent live shows , the band has premiered two new songs , one of which may end up on the new album : " Some Other Son " and " The Believer " , which were initially written for the self-titled album but was scrapped during recording , as well as live songs such as " Sisters of Heresy " and " Under Pressure / Pressure " ( Name of song unsure , name based on lyrics ) .
They also have a song called " Time to Wake Up . "
On December 11 , 2006 , the band sent their fans a " stocking stuffer " in the form of a holiday song called " Santa Through the Back Door " .
In September 2007 , the band also recorded a cover of Kanye West 's " Stronger " for BBC Radio 1 's Live Lounge .
The show was televised live on March 2 , 2007 on FOX at 8 p.m. EST at the Shrine Auditorium in Hollywood , California .
The show was hosted by LL Cool J .
The nominees were announced on January 7 , 2007 , at a press conference in at the Peninsula Hotel in Beverly Hills , California .
The winners and nominees are shown below .
The 65th wing and its subordinate units transferred to England in June 1943 and began flying combat missions .
Subordinate units escorted bombers , flew counter air patrols , and dive bombing missions .
They attacked airdromes , marshalling yards , missile sites , industrial areas , ordnance depots , oil refineries , trains , and highways .
As an Air Division , it carried out air defense operations in Iceland from 1952 to 1954 .
Activated three years later it transferred to Spain , where it cooperated with Spanish Air Force units in the Air Defense Direction Centers ( ADDCs ) .
The 65th Air Division directed base construction , and the establishment of off base housing and radar sites .
Its fighter squadrons flew air defense interceptions over Spanish airspace .
In June 1985 , the 65th assumed responsibility for integrating USAFE 's electronic combat systems to maximize overall warfighting potential .
Established as 4 Air Defense Wing on 25 March 1943 .
Activated on 27 March 1943 .
Redesignated 65 Fighter Wing on 24 July 1943 .
Organized on 24 April 1952 .
Discontinued on 8 March 1954 .
Activated on 8 April 1957 .
Discontinued , and inactivated , on 1 January 1965 .
none
none
Per bend azure and gules , issuant from base in pale a closed helmet in profile supporting an antenna argent emitting two lightning flashes bendwise , one to dexter chief , one to sinister base and one bend sinisterwise to chief or , in chief an eight pointed mullet of the third and all within a diminished bordure of the fourth .
( Approved 1 August 1961 ) .
Sixteenth Air Force , 8 April 1957 ; United States Air Forces in Europe , 1 July 1960 -- 1 January 1965 .
Seventeenth Air Force , 1 June 1985 -- 30 June 1991 .
Hamilton Field , California , 27 March 1943 -- 6 May 1943 ; Debden , England , 4 June 1943 ; Saffron Walden , England , c.17 June 1943 ; Elvedon Hall , England , c.1 September 1945 ; Trosten , England , c.25 October 1945 -- 21 November 1945 .
Keflaví International Airport , Iceland , 24 April 1952 -- 8 March 1954 .
P-38 Lightning , 1944 ; P-47 Thunderbolt , 1943 -- 1945 ; P-51 Mustang , 1944 -- 1945 .
F-94 Starfire , 1952 -- 1954 ; F-86 Sabre , 1953 -- 1954 .
F-86 Sabre , 1957-1960 ; F-100 Super Sabre , 1958 -- 1961 ; F-104 Starfighter , 1959 -- 1964 ; F-102 Delta Dagger , 1960 -- 1964 ; F-105 Thunderchief , 1963 -- 1964 .
CH-53 Sea Stallion , 1985 -- 1987 ; EF-111 Raven , 1985 -- 1991 ; F-4 Phantom II , 1985 -- 1987 ; EC-130 Commando Solo , 1987 -- 1991 ; F-16 Fighting Falcon , 1987 -- 1991 .
1st Lieutenant John J. Brody , 24 April 1952 ; Colonel Meredith H. Shade , 10 October 1952 ; Colonel Emmett S .
Davis , 5 September 1953 -- unkn .
Captain Newell H. Beaty , 8 April 1957 ; Colonel Clay Tice Jr. , 15 May 1957 ; Brigadier General Andrew J. Evans Jr. , 1 July 1960 ; Colonel Thomas L .
Hayes , 25 September 1963 -- 1 January 1965 .
6PR , known as 882 6PR , commenced broadcasting on October 14 , 1931 .
6PR 's focus is on news , talk and sport , and is Perth 's only commercial talkback radio station .
6PR is owned by Fairfax Media , an Australian media company that owns television and radio businesses throughout Australia .
Radio in Australia was just twelve years old when 6PR commenced broadcasting on October 14 , 1931 .
The broadcasting business was retained and operated under the name Nicholson 's Broadcasting Service Pty Ltd .
The operation moved from Barrack Street to 340 Hay Street just after the purchase by the VBN in 1963 .
The 6PR studio remained at 340 Hay Street for 22 years before it was demolished to make way for the expansion of Mercedes College .
In 1985 the station relocated to its current premises at 169 Hay Street , East Perth .
Throughout the sixties 6PR was consistently the top rating station in Perth but lost its dominance in 1972 .
The image of the station changed from rock n roll to beautiful music with the " Gentle On Your Mind " promotion in 1973 .
This boosted 6PR 's ratings to a consistent number two with a number one position on several occasions .
In 1977 an agreement was made with the TAB by the station 's owners to broadcast races in conjunction with a personality / sport format .
During the early nineties the station 's current affairs / talkback program hosted by Sattler , Maumill , Mabury , Peter Newman , Gary Carvolth and Rob Broadfield achieved considerable success in spite of the ever increasing level of racing broadcasts on the station .
In 1994 6PR , in conjunction with the TAB , was able to secure a special narrowcast broadcast license which allowed racing broadcasts to be moved from 6PR to the narrowcast broadcaster called Racing Radio .
This move allowed 6PR to serve its two distinct audiences , those who listened purely for a talkback / news / current affairs format and those who listened just for racing information , in a more comprehensive manner .
In December 1994 6PR was purchased by its current owner Southern Cross Broadcasting which also owned Melbourne 's number one rating talk station 3AW and television stations in Adelaide , Canberra and other places .
Each week , Brad Hardie , George Grljusich , Karl Langdon , Graham Dawson , Basil Zempilas Glen Jakovich & Shane Woewodin keep you up-to-date with all things football .
The AFL commentary team is composed of Basil Zempilas , Karl Langdon , Glen Jakovich , Shane Woewodin , Graham Dawson , Shane Healy and Brad Hardie .
With commentary teams in both Melbourne and Perth , 6PR is able to cover every home and away match for the West Coast Eagles and Fremantle Dockers , while also being able to broadcast matches involving other teams utilising their traveling team based in Melbourne .
Matches that are unable to be covered by either commentary team are broadcast on-relay from sister stations 3AW in Melbourne and FIVEaa in Adelaide .
Peter Vlahos then crosses between the two men as they broadcast parts of their matches & respond to football related talkback calls .
Updates of all four WAFL matches are provided & AFL Results are also mentioned .
Since the addition of the Perth Glory into the Australian national football ( soccer ) competition ( known then as the National Soccer League ) 6PR has broadcast almost all Home & Away matches , The coverage was led by George Grljusich .
When the A-League began in 2005 only home matches were broadcast on 6PR .
6PR will be the official Radio Broadcast partner of the Perth Glory
From 2006 , 882 6PR will broadcast every Western Force home game live from Subiaco Oval .
The broadcast team will include former Western Reds Rugby League & West Coast Eagles AFL player Adrian Barich and Rugby union expert Mick Colliss , who will be joined by Force Players .
You can also hear members of the Western Force during the Sports Today programme each week on 882 6PR .
It features contemporary , popular music and the latest entertainment news .
It was launched as in June 1995 .
It also launched Power98FM 8 months later .
The station plays both English and Chinese music , a first in Singapore .
Aabenraa County is a former province in Denmark , located on the east-central region of South Jutland .
Aabenraa County was established in 1920 following the reunification of Denmark and South Jutland following the Schleswig Plebiscites .
It was dissolved in 1970 when it merged with three other counties to form South Jutland County .
Aabenraa County and Sønderbor County merged in 1932 , forming Aabenraa-Sønderbor Cunty .
This article incorporates material from the corresponding article on the Danish Wikipedia , accessed 30 April 2007 .
Adenet Le Roi ( c.1240 -- c .
Adilson Tavares Varela , commonly known as Cabral , ( born 22 October 1988 ) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as midfielder in the Swiss Super League for FC Basel .
Cabral also holds a Swiss citizenship .
Cabral came through the ranks at FC Lausanne-Sport along side his fellow countryman Adelson and made his debut in 2005 .
Aero Gare was a kitplane manufacturer founded by Gary LeGare in Mojave , California to marketed the Sea Hawker amphibious aircraft .
It sold all rights to the design to Aero Composites in 1986 .
She had one brother , Konstanty , who died when she was six .
She was married in 1838 to Stanisław Baranowski ( 1806-1843 ) , who was an officer in the Polish forces during the January Uprising .
After her husband 's death in 1843 , while she was pregnant with their daughter Stanisława , she became the head of the family at the age of 24 , and took care of their lands in Marszew .
She had many friends and colleagues among the Polish writers of the Great Emigration , some of whom visited her manor in Marszew .
She wrote several plays for the local theater in Pleszew , likely inspired by and with the encouragement of Stanisław Sczaniecki from Karmin .
She also wrote many poems , some of which she dedicated to the great Polish poet Adam Mickiewicz .
Most of her works were dedicated to rekindling the patriotic spirit of Poles , and used many elements from myths and legends of Greater Poland .
Some of them were printed in the women 's press ( " Lechu " , " Dwutygodniku dla Kobiet " ) .
Agotes or Cagots were a discriminated minority in the Navarrese Pyrenees , Basque provinces , Bearn , Gascony and also Brittany .
They have been also known by other names : Cagots , Gahets , Gafets in France ; Agotes , Gafos in Spain ; and Cacons , Cahets , Caqueux and Caquins in Brittany .
The earliest mention of them is in 1288 , when they appear to have been called Christiens or Christianos .
During the Middle Ages they were popularly looked upon as cretins , lepers , heretics and even as cannibals .
Either they were altogether forbidden to partake of the sacrament , or the Eucharist was handed to them on the end of a stick , while a receptacle for holy water was reserved for their exclusive use .
They were compelled to wear a distinctive dress , to which , in some places , was attached the foot of a goose or duck ( whence they were sometimes called Canards ) .
And so pestilential was their touch considered that it was a crime for them to walk the common road barefooted .
The only trades allowed them were those of butcher and carpenter , and their ordinary occupation was wood-cutting .
But opposed to this etymology is the fact that the word " cagot " is first found in this form no earlier than 1551 .
French historian Pierre de Marca ( 16th century ) , in his Histoire de Beam , holds that the word signifies hunters of the Goths , and that the Cagots are descendants of the Saracens .
Others made them descendants of the Albigenses .
A far more probable explanation of their name Christians is to be found in the fact that in medieval times all lepers were known as pauperes Christi , and that , Goths or not , these Cagots were affected in the Middle Ages with a particular form of leprosy or a condition resembling it .
The AGS JH21 was a Formula One car for the 1986 season .
The driver was Ivan Capelli .
The engine was a Motori Moderni turbocharger V6 .
Aisby is a village in the English county of Lincolnshire , known as Asebi in the Domesday Book .
A small hamlet within the parish of Heydour near Ancaster and Grantham , Lincolnshire , not to be confused with Aisby near Gainsborough in the same county .
Once a small hamlet belonging to the nearby Culverthorpe Estate , the village was sold off in lots in 1918 and is now expanded with much additional building of dwellings since 1990 .
Both Heydour and Aisby are found with other spellings in official records such as censuses , making it difficult for families from these places to trace their origins .
Albert Wren was an Ontario politician .
He was first elected to the Ontario legislature as the Liberal-Labour MPP for Kenora in the 1951 provincial election .
He had also run as a Liberal-Labour candidate in 1948 but was unsuccessful .
He was re-elected in the 1955 and 1959 elections and served in the legislature until his death in 1961 .
Alexander Gradsky ( Russian : Александр Градский , born November 3 , 1949 ) is a Russian Rock singer , bard and composer , and has sometimes been called the Soviet Union 's most popular recording artist .
He is known to have a three-and-a-half octave range voice , and has performed with John Denver on the song " Let Us Begin ... "
He 's also the composer of the song entitled " Hymn , " which uses the melody from Bozhe , tsarya khrani ( " God Keep the Czar " ) , but has different lyrics .
Gradsky has also performed as a tenor at New York City 's Carnegie Hall .
He was married to Anastasiya Vertinskaya after her divorce with Nikita Mikhalkov .
Gradsky started his activity in the early 1960s , when he created a sound based on bard music using rock elements .
Since then he released dozens of records .
The Alfred Phillips House , a Registered Historic Place , is located in the Ford County , Illinois city of Gibson City .
It has been listed on the National Register since February 5 , 1999 .
The Phillips House is one of Ford County 's four Registered Historic Places .
All three of the other sites , the Paxton Carnegie Public Library , Paxton Water Tower and Pump House and the Paxton First Schoolhouse are located in the county seat of Paxton , Illinois .
It was the second ice hockey league organized in Canada , after one in Kingston , Ontario started in 1883 .
It was organized to provide a longer season to determine the Canadian champion .
Prior to its founding the Canadian championship was determined in a tournament in Montreal .
The 1893 champion of the league , Montreal Hockey Club was the first winner of the Stanley Cup , being awarded the Cup as the champions of the AHAC and the AHAC was considered the top league of Canada .
The constitution would be adapted from a lacrosse league constitution .
The teams knew each other .
Mr . Thomas D . Green of Ottawa had played on the 1883 McGill hockey team .
In that age , ice hockey was a very different game compared to today : the AHAC rules stated that there were six skaters on each side .
The face offs were at a right angle to today 's practice , the centre men facing inwards from the sides of the rink .
The goaltenders used no special equipment .
There were no goal nets .
The goals were two posts , with no crossbar .
A match was two halves of thirty minutes ( also to note that in the day , game meant goal by modern definition ) .
Sudden-death overtime was also in place , and a match would continue until a goal was scored in the event of a tie after regulation .
Players in all positions would normally play the entire 60 minutes .
The AHAC operated on two different systems in its lifetime : the challenge system , where a championship team would face a new challenger each week for the championship , and the series system , which corresponds to the regular season found in the NHL today .
The first title change occurred on January 14 , 1887 , when the Montreal Victorias defeated the champions 4-0 .
The Victorias would hold the title until the very last challenge game , when the Crystals won 3-2 in their third successive challenge .
Because of the Vics ' long run as champions , it was decided to switch to the series system in 1888 .
The series system was a success , although a tie atop the standings between the Vics and the Montreal Hockey Club ( Montreal HC ) , and the subsequent scheduling of the tiebreaker game caused much trouble when the game was scheduled at a time when two Victorias players were injured , at the home venue of the Montreal HC .
Lord Stanley announced that his challenge trophy ( later known simply as the Stanley Cup ) for the best amateur hockey team in Canada would be presented to the Montreal Hockey Club on May 15 , 1893 , as initial champion .
At the time , the Montreal Hockey Club was in a dispute with its parent organization , the Montreal Amateur Athletic Association ( MAAA ) .
The hockey club was adamant about refusing the trophy , while the directors of the MAAA decided to accept the trophy , considering it came from the Governor General of Canada .
Thus , the trophy was accepted by the MAAA , but with none of the hockey officials of the hockey club present .
It was believed that the people who were in charge of running their team were , in fact , not representative of the team itself , and when the hockey club asked for a loan of $175 in start-up expenses for the 1894 season , it was flatly refused ( the first time the MAAA refused anything to the hockey club ) .
Inexplicably , the hockey club reversed its position , and the next few months saw a gradual schism between the MAAA and the club .
Indeed , the inscriptions on the Cup when it was successfully defended in 1894 only stated " Montreal HC " .
The MAAA , at one point , considered the hockey club to have seceded from the organization that bore them .
According to Arthur Farrell 's book of 1899 , " Hockey : Canada 's Royal Winter Game " , Montreal Crystals are recorded as champions in 1887 , and the Montreal Hockey Club is recorded as the winner from 1888-1894 .
See reference copy on Backcheck .
According to Ultimate Hockey , the play between 1887 and 1892 occurred in the challenge format and the title of champion could change after every series .
The final champion at the end of the season 's worth of challenges would be considered ' Dominion of Canada ' champion .
Sant migrated with his parents to Melbourne where he completed his education .
He has subsequently lived in London at various times , most recently from 2002-2005 during which time he was Writing Fellow at the University of Leicester and 2007-2008 while he was Writing Fellow at the University of Chichester .
In 2001 he was resident at the University of Peking in Beijing , China .
He jointly founded the literary quarterly , Island , based in Tasmania where he has also lived .
Angela Carder ( née Stone ) was an American cancer patient who , in 1987 , was forced to undergo a life-threatening Caesarean section in an unsuccessful attempt to save the life of her fetus .
The case stands as a landmark in United States case law establishing the rights of pregnant women to determine their own health care .
At age thirteen , Angela Stoner was diagnosed with a rare and usually fatal form of cancer .
The second cancer went into remission .
Angela later married and became pregnant .
In 1987 , when Carder was twenty-five weeks pregnant , her cancer was discovered to have recurred and metastasized to her lung .
Exactly what plan she made on learning this is unclear : one source claims that she was determined to prolong her life , and elected to start radiation and chemotherapy , regardless of known risks to the fetus ; others state that she chose to institute only palliative care , in an effort to remain alive until the 28th week of gestation , when it was thought the fetus would have a better chance of survival .
At the hearing , family members , including Carder 's husband , opposed the C-section on the grounds that she would be unlikely to survive it and that she would not want it ( Carder herself , now gravely ill , did not testify ) .
Her treating physicians also opposed the procedure .
However , a neonatologist not personally familiar with her medical status testified that the fetus would have at least a 60% chance of survival -- nearly that of a healthy woman 's fetus at the same gestational age .
Carder 's own long-term oncologist was not contacted ; he has since stated that he would have called the procedure " medically inadvisable both for Angela Carder and for the fetus " .
A three-judge appellate panel upheld the decision in an emergency telephone appeal , despite Carder 's own repeated pleas of " I do n't want it done . "
Exactly how long the fetus survived is a matter of some dispute .
The most commonly cited figure is two hours .
Susan Faludi quotes the obstetrician who performed the surgery as saying attempts to inflate the fetus 's lungs were " like trying to ventilate a rock " .
One hundred twenty organizations filed amicus briefs on Carder 's behalf , including the American Medical Association and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists .
One attorney for the hospital argued that it was appropriate to sacrifice a dying woman for her fetus ; an appeals court judge is reported to have replied , " Are you urging this court to find that you can handcuff a woman to a bed and force her to give birth ? "
On April 26 , 1990 , the court issued the ruling In re A.C. , which vacated the previous decisions and ruled that Angela Carder had the right to make health-care decisions for herself and her fetus .
At the same time as the Court of Appeals case , the ACLU and Carder 's parents , Daniel and Nettie Stoner , instituted a civil action , Stoners v. George Washington University Hospital , et al. , suing the hospital for deprivation of human rights , discrimination , wrongful death and malpractice , among other charges .
Angelo Fresquet ( born December 16 , 1973 , Fort Lauderdale , Florida ) is a Dynamic Speaker , Business Developer , Producer , Director , Actor , & well known Celebrity Special Events Coordinator .
Angelo Fresquet , " Made in Miami "
Angelo Fresquet , was born in Fort Lauderdale , Fl. But raised in Miami , at 1 yrs old Angelo 's family had been living in the historic Hotel Essex on Collins Ave in Miami Beach after having left their country in pursuit of a new life , little did he know that when he 'd grow up he 'd be one of the key developers of Miami 's Posh-Trendsetting Nightlife , his career in Marketing , Sales , Management , Consulting & Special Events began in 1989 .
At the time Miami Beach was not yet called South Beach and the entertainment industry had begun to grow in Miami .
His Acting / Modeling career holds numerous commercials & films as well as print ads .
Son of Famous & Legendary Cuban Parents & family , Angelo 's Father is a famous international artist & humorist Fresquito Fresquet & Angelo 's grandfather Gonzalo Roig is the most famous music composer from Cuba , composing music sang by Julio Iglesias & others .
Although his acting career was taking off , Angelo decided to also do business & create a social network .
He was crafting his way of doing business through Special Events & networking in Miami 's nightlife in the early 90 's .
He was climbing a ladder & his background was as well rounded as any one can be to reach all kinds of demographics .
By the mid 90 's Angelo was tailor making special events and collaborating with Miami 's nightlife elite like Gerry Kelly , Michael Capponi , Tommy Pooch , Jorge Nunez , Chris Paciello & others with special events at KGB , Shadow Lounge , Liquid , Bar Room , Lua's , and many others .
By the mid to late 90 's Angelo had become a house hold name as one of Miami 's elite impresarios .
Success would follow him at his every turn & continues to this very day .
He has worked in Miami with Nikki Beach / Pearl / Hardrock / Ivy Aventura / Mansion / Opium-Prive' / Crobar / Suite & Snatch / Amika / Mynt / Pawn Shop / The Forge / Club BED & many more of Miami 's Hottest Venue's .
His style of marketing events , customer service , VIP exclusivity , Celebes , Artists , and beautiful crowds that would gather made him the front man & face corporations , artists , professionals , Celebes , magazines & all socialites would want to have their events coordinated & produced by .
He helped create the now famed " open format " of music played by today 's DJ 's mixing all music , rock , hip-hop , 80 's , house , etc .
He later moved on from NOK , with more than 19 yrs of experience in so many different industries & with several television interviews , magazine interviews , and reality shows filmed & even films like 2005 Miami Vice being filmed at his events the list of people wanting to work with Angelo grew .
His events have been featured on Deco Drive 's Party Patrol on FOX 7 , Telemundo , Univision , MUN2 , A3 , MTV & Wild on E ! , to name a few .
He was and still is a major player & continues to raise the bar , staying in touch with the market , although retired from nightlife he grows continually by leading the way & constantly challenging the status quo .
Angelo now is working for a large organization in Miami , ERJ International , it 's a non-profit organization , he 's passionate about helping others & help better the lives of those in need , he produces Concerts , Leadership Conferences , Large or Exclusive events , he also develops businesses , product branding & marketing , as well as taking time to work on screen plays based on true stories & a few books he is currently writing .
He is a Man of Vision , leadership , creativity , principles , & faith .
You can catch up with Angelo during the promotional Campaign of the new body fuel Krank 'd Body Fuel , visit online at www.krankd.com
Angelo 's favorite quotes ... " A great leader 's courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion , not position . "
" Leaders must be close enough to relate to others , but far enough ahead to motivate them . "
" Leadership is more ?
The Anguilla United Front is an alliance of political parties in Anguilla .
At the last elections , 21 february 2005 , the alliance won 38.9 % of popular votes and 4 out of 7 elected seats .
The title A Portuguesa means " the Portuguese ( song ) " --- the Portuguese word for " song " , canção , being feminine --- just as La Marseillaise , the national anthem of France , is " the song of Marseille " , the Belgian anthem , The Brabançonne is " the song of Brabant " , and L'Internationale , the Socialist anthem , is " the international ( song ) " .
In 1890 , the United Kingdom issued an ultimatum demanding Portugal give up its intentions of occupying the land between the African colonies of Angola , on the western coast , and Mozambique , on the eastern coast , thus joining the two territories .
Despite popular uproar , the government was forced to accept the British terms , a measure that contributed to the growing unpopularity of King Carlos I and the monarchy and gained supporters for the already boosting republican movement .
Inspired by the common feeling of outrage among the people , writer Henrique Lopes de Mendonça composed a poem urging his compatriots to " fight for the fatherland " ( Pela Pátri luta ) and praising the country 's past as a naval power , particularly in the 15th and 16th centuries .
The revolution was crushed and the song banned .
In 1910 , on October 5 , a new revolution succeeded in overthrowing the monarchy and establishing a republic in Portugal .
In the following year , 1911 , a law officialized the status of " A Portuguesa " as Portugal 's national anthem .
The song consists of the first stanza from Mendonça 's poem followed by a chorus .
Armistice Day is the anniversary of the official end of World War I , November 11 , 1918 .
It commemorates the armistice signed between the Allies and Germany at Compiègn , Franc , for the cessation of hostilities on the Western Front , which took effect at eleven o'clock in the morning --- the " eleventh hour of the eleventh day of the eleventh month . "
While this official date to mark the end of the war reflects the ceasefire on the Western Front , hostilities continued in other regions , especially across the former Russian Empire and in parts of the old Ottoman Empire .
Armistice Day is an official holiday in France .
It is also an official holiday in Belgium , known also as the day of peace in the Flanders Fields .
In many parts of the world , people take two minutes of silence at 11:00 in the morning as a sign of respect for the roughly eight million who died in the war , as suggested by Edward George Honey in a letter to a British newspaper though Wellesley Tudor Pole established two ceremonial periods of remembrance based on events in 1917 .
Beginning in 1939 , the two-minute silence was moved to the Sunday nearest the 11th , in order not to interfere with wartime production should the 11th fall on a weekday .
A Storm to Come is the debut album of german a cappella metal band Van Canto , released in 2006 .
The album cover 's artwork was provided by Mattias Noren .
Proastiakos S.A. belongs to OSE , which is also a public company .
Atwick is a village and civil parish in Holderness in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
The village is near the North Sea coast , and two miles north of Hornsea on the B1242 road .
The World War Two defences constructed in and around Atwick have been documented by William Foot .
They included a heavy anti-aircraft battery and several pillboxes .
The Australian League of Rights is a minor political organisation in Australia founded by Eric Butler with its basis in the economic theory of Social Credit expounded by C. H. Douglas .
The League was formed in 1960 by a merger of various Leagues of Rights based in the Australian states , the first of which was based in South Australia from 1946 .
The League 's founder Eric Butler died on June 9 2006 , at the age of 90 .
The League , like many other far-Right organisations , strongly denies that the Holocaust , during which millions of people , particularly European Jews , were killed , ever occurred .
It is strongly supportive of the polemicist and Holocaust denial advocate David Irving .
The League describes itself as being based on the principles of Christianity and is vehement in its anti-communism .
They argue in favour of capitalism by promoting the sanctity of private property and individual enterprise .
They are keen promoters of Social Credit .
They are strongly monarchist and completely opposed to Australian republicanism and see the links to Great Britain as being fundamental to Australian identity .
Mr Campbell stated that " Australia First has no association with the League .
It 's me with the association . "
Former treasurer Peter Costello stated that One Nation 's policy of a state bank which would issue low-interest loans was directly taken from the ALOR , and that " the League of Rights is driving its policy in relation to banking and money "
The Australian branch of the B'nai B'rith Anti-Defamation Commission issued a press release that " The Co-founder of Australians Against Further Immigration ( AAFI ) , and One Nation 's Victorian leader Robyn Spencer has addressed numerous League of Rights meetings as well as delivered a speech with League of Rights , Advisory National Director Eric Butler . "
Doug Anthony led an effort to defend the Party from the League by recruiting people who would vote against them .
After a long struggle over several years , the existing leadership prevailed .
A surprising consequence of this struggle was that the National Party , which got far fewer votes than either the Labor or Liberal parties , had more members .
This fact became much more widely known than the reason for it , with both sides keeping the struggle out of the media .
( 1946 ) The International Jew : The Truth About the Protocols of Zion 4 ^ Harcourt , D .
( 1972 ) Everyone Wants To Be Fuhrer : National Socialism in Australia and New Zealand , p. 115 ) 5 ^ Campbell , A.A. ( 1978 ) The Australian League of Rights : a study in political extremism and subversion , Outback Press , Collingwood , p. 170
Australian Melodrama is a compilation album by The Triffids , released in 1994 .
The cave , 300 feet deep , with its branch extends almost 2.5 kilometres making it the second largest limestone cave in Israel .
Researchers announced that they have so far discovered eight new species , all without eyes , including four crustacean species and four terrestrial species , previously unknown to science .
They added that the crustaceans included two saltwater species and two freshwater species , indicating that this diversity might help better understand the water history of the region .
The cave was first discovered when a small opening was discerned in a quarry near Ramla .
As the cave was completely cut off from the outside environment , it sustained an independent ecosystem ; this ecosystem did not rely on sunlight and photosynthesis , or on organic compounds , for an energy source .
Rather , energy was extracted by Chemoautotrophic bacteria , living in a film on top of the pool water .
These bacteria produce energy by oxidizing the sulfide compounds in the water , and derive organic compounds using carbon dioxide from the air .
These compounds form the basis of the cave 's ecosystem .
The Badminton Hall of Fame honors players who have shown exceptional skill at badminton , all-time great coaches and referees , and other major contributors to the game .
There is also a USA Badminton Hall of Fame and a Badminton Canada 's Hall of Fame .
The Inaugural Members were Colonel S S C Dolby Apd , Sir George Alan Thomas , Betty Uber and Herbert A E Scheele Obe .
Founded in 1934 as the International Badminton Federation with nine member nations ( Canada , Denmark , England , France , Ireland , Netherlands , New Zealand , Scotland and Wales ) , the BWF has since expanded to achieve international recognition .
On September 24 , 2006 , at the Extraordinary General Meeting in Madrid , it was decided to adopt the new name Badminton World Federation ( BWF ) .
Its head office has been located in Cheltenham , UK since its founding , but on October 1 , 2005 , it is now located in Kuala Lumpur .
Its current president is Kang Young Joong .
Bahus-Soubiran is a village and commune in the Landes département of south-westrn France .
Bandarlapalle is a small village in the Palmaner Taluk of Chittoor District of Andhra Pradesh in India .
The village is situated in the South East of Deccan Plateau .
The villagers are mainly a farming community .
Agriculture mainly depends on the seasonal monsoon rains , excessive rain water is stored in the two man made lakes , which is a feature of every village in the Deccan Plateau of south India .
The main crops are Ragi , Rice , Groundnuts , Wheat and Pulses .
People also get themselves involved in farming sheep and goat , which is the main profession of most Kuruba Gowdas who are a majority people in the village .
The major festival of the village is Sankranthi , the festival of harvest which is celebrated to thank the god almighty for the good harvest .
The main attraction is the Bull race , which attracts people from surrounding towns and villages .
The Bangladesh Scouts are the national Scouting organization of Bangladesh .
The organization has 721,635 members as of 2004 .
During the Bangladesh Liberation War , in April 1971 , members of the Bangladesh Boy Scout Association volunteered to carry the mail from the Bangladesh Army field post offices to the nearest Post Office in India .
Scouting has grown over the years in the face of considerable difficulties .
Scouts are involved in community service , major areas being agriculture , health and sanitation , child welfare , community development , construction and repair of low cost housing and sports .
The Scouts receive strong support from the government , which recognized Scouting 's value in citizenship training .
1 .
2 .
3 .
6 .
7 .
The Scout Motto is Sebar jannoa sada prastut thakte jathasadhya chesta kara , meaning " Do your best to be prepared for service . "
The National Training Centre is at Mouchak , Gazipur .
Bank Hey ( also Sunnybower or Sunny Bower ) is a suburb of Blackburn , Lancashire , England .
It is located to the east of the town , north of Whitebirk and near the boundary with Hyndburn .
However , Dou Jiande delayed and when he finally arrived , Li Shimin brought forces to meet the new threat .
Li Shimin 's army avoided conflict until the troops of Dou Jiande were exhausted and then led a cavalry charge , effectively capturing Dou Jiande .
Afterwards , Wang Shichong , seeing no other choice , surrendered Luoyang .
Dou Jiande was later executed , resulting in some of his followers , led by Liu Heita , raising an unsuccessful rebellion against Tang .
After leaving French Sudan in January 1899 , they ruthlessly subjected the native peoples , meeting little resistance .
One of the few to resist was the sorcerer queen Sarraounia , ruler of the Azna , a pagan people in a long Islamized region .
Determinated to bar the expedition 's road , Sarraounia wrote to Voulet a provocative letter full of insults ; the French took up the challenge , and on April 15 left the camp marching towards the villages of Lougou and Tougana , where Sarraounia had concentrated her forces .
The day after , at 6:00 , started what Lt .
After the Azna had started to sisperse under the French gunfire , their lines broke when hit by three grapeshot balls ; the Azna then retreated in the bush , where the thick foliage partly protected the natives from the gunfire .
The French felt that if left there , the Azna may attack them at night ; so it was decideed to assault the bush , but being careful to leave a way of escape for the Azna open , so to avoid a too deadly confrontation that could cost too much blood .
The French met a strong resistance , killing 2 riflemen and wounding 4 , but were at the end successful and forced the Azna to escape .
The battle had protracted itself till 13:00 , and among the French tirailleurs 4 were killed and 6 wounded , with 7,000 cartridges consummed .
The Campaign was restarted upon the insistence of the government in Buenos Aires after the Army of the North 's victories during the Battles of Tucumán and Salta .
Despite having malaria and having to command a company of new conscripts with insufficient artillery , Belgrano accepted the commanding post .
Belgrano 's army was supported by Colonel Baltasar Cárdenas and the 2,000 poorly organized natives under his command , and Colonel Cornelio Zelaya with forces from Cochabamba .
Both colonels had orders to incite rebellion amongst the indigenous populations who provided the realists with valuable information .
The realist troops were encamped at Condo-Condo under the orders of Pazuela and Major Saturnino Castro , which allowed them to cut off Cárdenas ' troops and any communication between Belgrano and the Cochabamban forces .
Castro also attained documents from Cárdenas giving instructions to Belgrano .
With these documents Pazuela was able to interrupt Belgrano 's plans and began his advance on the mountains on October 1 .
Belgrano 's army veterans from the North contained the left flank and center column of the realist army and forced them to back down until Pezuela recognized he was losing the battle at Virrey de Lima ; however , his own left flank remained in action and defeated Belgrano 's right column .
Díaz Vélez took command over the troops in Potosí after Vilcapugio with the rest of the army on the left flank of the enemy .
At this point the troops organized themselves to pursue the Campaign of Alto Perú according the orders of the government of Buenos Aires .
BayCon is the San Francisco Bay Area 's main Science Fiction and Fantasy Convention .
The convention draws many attendees from throughout California and also as far away as Oregon , Washington , and Nevada .
Some of the better known regular attendees include Howard Hendrix , Diana Paxson , Lee Martindale , and Irene Radford .
Past Guests of Honor include Gene Wolfe , Frank Kelly Freas , Mike Jittlov , James P. Hogan , Don Maitz , Michael Whelan , Los Hermanos Hernandez , Art Widner , Barry Longyear , Harry Turtledove , David Brin , Spider and Jeanne Robinson , Harlan Ellison , Forrest J Ackerman , Kent Brewster and Esther Friesner .
Toastmasters have included Frank Catalano , Richard A. Lupoff , Frank N. Robinson , Raymond E. Feist and Laura Brodian Freas .
( The name was previously used by the 1961 Westercon , 1968 Worldcon , and a San Francisco Bay Area comics convention from 1973-78 . )
To avoid conflicts with Southern California 's annual regional convention , LosCon , BayCon moved to Memorial Day weekend , skipping Thanksgiving in 1984 .
For most of its history , it was held at the Doubletree Hotel in San Jose ( formerly the Red Lion ) .
In 2007 , it was held at the San Mateo Marriott Hotel .
BCSWomen is a Specialist Group of the British Computer Society , with the aim of supporting women working and considering a career in Information Technology .
The group has over 500 members and an active mailing list .
Activities include meetings , networking and mentoring .
The chair is Dr Sue Black of the University of Westminster .
In general , the index consists of a minimum of 10 and a maximum of 20 companies traded at the Brussels Stock Exchange .
Since Nyrstar was promoted to the index on 4 March 2008 , the BEL20 has contained a full 20 listings .
The composition of the BEL20 index is reviewed annually based on closing prices at the end of the calendar year .
These changes are effected on the first trading day of every March .
The minimum requirement for an existing constituent to remain in the index is a market cap of 200000 times the index value .
At each annual review , the weights of companies in the index are capped at 15% , but range freely with share price subsequently .
The BEL20 is a market value-weighted index .
Stoloff was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , USA .
He died in Hollywood , California .
Benny Lee Boynton ( born December 6 , 1898 ) was an American football player .
Ben Player Ben is the current 2007 World Champion .
He is known for his flawless bodyboarding style and massive charging .
His victory came after placing second ( narrowly being defeated by Damian King ) in the 2006 Pipeline final .
The Shark Island Challenge is Australia 's richest bodyboarding competition , bankrolled to the tune of $120,000 .
But as they say , money ca n't buy love -- or , as was the case in July 2005 , wave action .
When the month-long waiting period ran out without a hint of swell , organisers were forced to put the outcome in the hands of competitors .
And so the first stop on the World Bodyboarding Tour would be decided by a vote : either split the prize money and the championship points evenly between all competitors , or run the comp in the puny swell benignly flopping over a rock ledge usually famous for its forbidding risk to life and limb .
Retreating to his car , he broke down and cried , angered and frustrated by his peers ' reluctance to man up at a spot that has always rewarded the brave .
He paddled out anyway , an overt display of defiance against the group 's decision - albeit a failed one .
" I ended up cutting my hand pretty badly on the reef .
It was n't rideable at all ... "
After further tour stops in Chile , Portugal and Maui , the two riders left in the hunt for the 2006 crown were the same pair who had voted in favour of going ahead at Shark Island - Ben Player and Queenslander Mitchell Rawlins .
With Rawlins knocked out in the quarters , Ben needed to place at least second in the final to realise his dream of becoming world champ .
His surfing in that 30-minute final was truly world class , combining clean barrels with solid boosts .
Ben opened up a lead early that he would hold on to through to the siren .
In the hazy , backlit conditions of the late afternoon , it was revealed that the judges had confused the riders , awarding Player the points for a ride his opponent had made .
Scores were hastily revised , then the gutting news : Player had been relegated to runner-up , just moments before he was due to be presented with the Pipeline trophy .
The confusion soured the occasion .
But Ben Player was bodyboarding 's newest world champion .
And again it will all come down to Pipeline , where his performances every winter since he first arrived as a wiry 16-year-old have made him a stand out , no matter what surfcraft you favour , as even the greatest surfer on the planet will attest .
" Ben gets a fair share of respect from the crew there , " says Kelly Slater .
" He does n't really say all that much but seems to get the job done right .
He has a good eye for how to ride a wave .
He shares physical traits with his brother Toby , also a pro bodyboarder and half the reason why the name Player has been tattooed on everything bodyboarding since the sport 's boom days of the mid-1990s .
" You ca n't help but be competitive with your brother , " Ben says of their early years riding the wedging peaks of Whale Beach , on Sydney 's northern beaches .
As the younger sibling , Ben was constantly surfing with guys his senior , something he feels refined his talent and drive .
" The fact Toby was more popular than me just made me even more competitive . "
This crew put new emphasis on style and fluidity in big moves and heavy situations , keeping their bodies and legs tight and in control through monstrous airs , milking power out of the pocket of the wave -- the bowl that forms in front of the barrelling section .
His progressive riding and surfer-good looks made him the complete package , but at 24 , when he might have been cashing in , his seat at the head of bodyboarding 's table was kicked out from under him .
At the start of the new millennium , surf brands began pulling out of bodyboarding .
" Three years ago I lost both sponsors on the same day .
Player pinpoints Mike Stewart -- the undisputed guru of bodyboarding who had pioneered the sport -- for kick-starting an era of self-reliance and self-belief , backed by his call to " support those who support bodyboarding " .
A kind of evangelistic patriotism swept through the sport .
First came the launch of bodyboard-specific clothing brands , then wetsuits and accessories .
Now bodyboarding specific stores have opened to cater for the newly independent industry .
The thought of quitting never entered his head .
" It was more a question of ' How am I going to make ends meet ? "
He 'd always harboured a creative streak , was an avid scribe within the sport and a self-taught graphic designer ... The answer seems obvious now : Player pooled the last of his savings with a couple of friends and launched a magazine .
" The only other bodyboarding magazine on the market was aimed at a young teenage audience , and here I was 20-something and I could n't relate .
It now employs four people ( yes , including this author ) .
Player 's been able to step away from the day-to-day business , but the magazine is a venture that will keep him firmly rooted in the sport .
It has even re-energised his passion for the sport .
" The more I worked on Movement the more stoked I became on bodyboarding again . "
" On a bodyboard you can handle much steeper situations .
Being prone means you can ride over very shallow , ledging reefs , sometimes just inches deep , where you wo n't get knocked off by steps in the wave . "
This extreme element comes with heavy consequences .
During a contest in Tahiti a few years ago , Player pulled into a barrel that shut down on him .
" We 're surfing our own waves and we 've got our own industry . "
The revamped world tour now showcases the sport at surf breaks that suit the craft .
Shark Island is one of the best examples of this , the shallow rock bottom creating a warping barrel with an ideal end section which allows them to launch into aerial manoeuvres .
The contest site in Chile is similar , though a true peak that barrels both ways .
In Australia , the majority of top pros tend to remain nameless outside the sport 's domain ; in Europe they are feted like rock gods , mobbed by adoring fans wherever they go .
The organisers of the world tour -- now chaired by Mr Bodyboarding himself , Mike Stewart -- say they are n't done yet with their expansion , but they 're certainly got the sport on its feet ... so to speak .
But for now the eyes of the bodyboarding world are again squinting out towards the chunk of lava that lies submerged off the North Shore of Oahu .
Mixed results on tour this year have Ben Player trailing on points in the race for the championship title , but he 's been in Hawaii for two months honing his act in preparation for his world title defence in mid-to-late January .
Bilje is a village and municipality on the outskirts of nature park Kopački Rit in the region of Baranja , Osijek-Baranja County , Croatia , situated 8 km northeast of Osijek .
Its name derived from the Slavic word " bilje " ( " herb " in English ) .
Chief occupations among the population are farming , livestock breeding and food processing ( a mill ) .
The manor with the park represents the major tourist attraction ; the park is protected as a horticultural monument .
The area surrounding Kopački Rit offers rich hunting grounds for high game ( deer in particular ) and equally opulent fishing grounds .
Bilka is a Danish chain of hypermarkets .
The first store opened in 1970 in Tilst , a suburb of Aarhus .
However , Herman Salling has himself stated that Bilka is a combination of the words bil ( car ) and ka ( can ) , referring to the car accessibility to the stores .
William James Atessis was born July 16 , 1949 , in Houston , Texas and is a former American football player who played on two NCAA national championship teams at The University of Texas .
One of the most honored and productive defensive ends in NCAA history , he was a three-year starter and was second-team All-America as a junior who was a consensus All-American as a senior .
Graduated in 1967 .
He was a Texas All-State tackle in 1966 Atessis was the state 's number one lineman in the recruiting class of 1967 .
He was an all-around athlete who excelled in football , baseball , and basketball .
He was inducted to the Texas High School Sports Hall of Fame in 1995 .
Including two years as a starter on the back-to-back National Champion Texas Longhorns teams of 1969 and 1970 .
Was voted Longhorn Defensive MVP by the Dallas Morning News and Houston Post both in 1969 and 1970 .
The Longhorns also won three consecutive Southwest Conference championships and appeared in three consecutive Cotton Bowl games , winning two during that time .
Was a consensus 1st Team All-American in 1970 and was second team All-American in 1969 . in 1970 he was voted Southwest Conference Co-Lineman of the Year ( with Arkansas All-American Defensive end , Dick Bumpas ) .
Is a member , University of Texas Men 's Athletics Hall of Honor , being voted in in 2001 .
Texas Coach Darrell Royal called him a , " Super player , who has n't played a bad game in three years . "
Played in the Coaches ' All-America Game in Lubbock , Texas , June 28 , 1971 .
Singled out for his " tremendous game " by the Odessa American as worthy of the player of the game award
In 2006 he was named number 16 on a list of the 50 best names in Texas Longhorn history
Was highly regarded after a stellar collegiate career .
Was drafted by the NFL Champion Baltimore Colts .
Was injured in training camp and released in mid-season .
Left camp in July 1972 , and was dealt to the St. Louis Cardinals .
Was moved to offensive line there and asked to gain back the weight he lost to play linebacker .
Was injured again and released by Cards .
Signed as a defensive tackle by the Jets for the 1973 season yet was cut in training camp .
William Mailes " Cowboy " Cowley ( born June 12 , 1912 in Bristol , Quebec - died December 31 , 1993 ) was a Canadian professional hockey center who played 13 seasons in the National Hockey League for the St. Louis Eagles and Boston Bruins .
After a few seasons of senior league play in Ottawa and Halifax , Cowley broke in as a rookie with the St. Louis Eagles in 1933-34 .
After the season , the franchise was terminated and Art Ross , the general manager of the Bruins , selected him in the subsequent dispersal draft .
In Boston he would become a star , leading the league in assists in 1939 ( despite missing twelve games with injuries ) , 1941 and 1943 , and helping to lead the Bruins to two Stanley Cups in 1938-1939 and 1941 .
Cowley finished his career with 195 goals and 353 assists for 548 points in 549 NHL games .
At the time of his retirement in 1947 , he was the NHL 's all-time leading point scorer , and the last active player from the St. Louis Eagles roster .
After his career , Cowley went on to coach in the Ottawa senior leagues and the Vancouver Canucks of the PCHL .
He also helped found the Ottawa 67s as a part-owner in 1967 .
Bishop Garrigan High School is a private , Roman Catholic high school in Algona , Iowa .
It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sioux City .
The school is named after Bishop Phillip Joseph Garrigan , the 2nd Bishop of the Diocese of Sioux City .
Blue Winds Dancing ( 1938 ) is by Tom Whitecloud .
The story stands out in contemporary literature for its acceptance , lyrical prose , vivid imagery , and social observations .
Blue Winds Dancing is the story of a young native American trapped living between two worlds , as a college and a part of contemporary " white " society , as well as an Indian , a member of an ancient society .
Bontnewydd is an unstaffed halt on the narrow gauge Welsh Highland Railway .
The halt was opened in February 1999 on the petition of the villagers of Bontnewydd and is between Caernarfon and Dinas on the Lô Eifion cycle route .
The train services are operated by the Ffestiniog Railway Company .
The Brain Injury Rehabilitation Trust ( BIRT ) is a provider of specialist brain injury rehabilitation in the UK .
They support people to regain lost skills and independence and rebuild their lives following acquired brain injury , caused typically by road accident , assault , stroke or disease .
They offer a range of services to meet the needs of people at different stages of rehabilitation - including assessment , intensive rehabilitation , continuing rehabilitation , and community-based support .
BIRT is a division of The Disabilities Trust , which provides services to people with physical impairments , autism and learning disabilities , as well as brain injury .
It consists of the Mayor of Brampton , currently Susan Fennell , five elected regional councillors and five elected city councillors .
Each councillor represents two city wards .
Listed as regional councillor , city councillor
Brensbach is a municipality in the Odenwaldkreis district , in Hesse , Germany .
It connected with the Portland and Ogdensburg Railroad ( later Maine Central Railroad Mountain Division ) from Portland , Maine , to St. Johnsbury , Vermont , near the town of Hiram on the Saco River .
The successful design of the Bridgton Hinkleys was subsequently repeated for the Monson Railroad and the Franklin and Megantic Railway .
Construction began in 1882 , and trains were running to Bridgton by early 1883 .
B&SR used early profits to replace wooden trestles with earthen fills .
A 14-foot granite masonry arch was constructed over Hancock Brook in 1895 . track was extended to Harrison with 35 # steel rails in 1898 .
B&SR then replaced the original 30 # steel rails from Bridgton Junction to Bridgton with 48 # and 50 # steel rails from 1907 to 1910 before Maine Central Railroad secured control of the B&SR in 1912 .
Under Maine Central operation , there were 4 mixed train round trips daily from Harrison to Bridgton Junction and return .
The first left Harrison at 5:15 AM and the last returned to Harrison at 8:45 PM .
Train speed seldom exceeded 20 miles per hour .
A couple of bench seats at one end of baggage-RPO # 11 provided smoking accommodation for the second train set .
Freight traffic in 1913 was 18% outbound lumber , 15% outbound pulpwood , 15% inbound coal , 11% outbound apples and canned corn , 11% manufactured goods , 10% feed & grain , 10% express , and 2% inbound petroleum products .
Locomotive # 8 was the last locomotive built for the Maine 2-foot gauge railways .
Bond interest went unpaid in 1926 , and the town of Bridgton began a 15-year effort to preserve their railroad .
B&SR became a tourist attraction as the last 2-foot gauge railroad offering passenger service in the late 1930 's .
Operation ceased in September 1941 .
The rolling stock was preserved when the rails were converted to scrap metal as the United States prepared for World War II .
The rolling stock was moved to Massachusetts for another half-century of operation on the Edaville Railroad after the war .
Agent 's station shared with Maine Central Railroad .
B&SR had 6 northbound spurs plus a turntable with a single-stall enginehouse .
The freight house spur was dual gauge , and there was a second dual gauge spur for loading and unloading narrow gauge-equipment on standard-gauge cars .
There was no runaround track ; so southbound B&SR locomotives uncoupled their train on the main line , moved into the yard , threw a turnout , and let their train roll past them into the yard by gravity to avoid being trapped at the end of the spur .
Milepost 1.2 : Small 's
Milepost 2.0 : Rankin 's Mill - small flag stop passenger shelter .
Milepost 2.7 : Mullen Siding - northbound spur .
Milepost 3 : Summit - highest point on the railroad .
Milepost 5.4 : Gravel Pit - northbound spur .
Milepost 7 : The Notch - a rock cut .
Milepost 7.2 : West Sebago - southbound spur with small flag stop passenger shelter .
Milepost 7.5 : Water Tank Siding - passing siding adjacent to Hancock Pond .
Milepost 10.5 : Ingall 's Road - southbound spur with small flag stop passenger shelter .
Milepost 11.3 : Kennett 's - southbound spur .
Milepost 12.1 : South Bridgton - southbound spur with small flag stop passenger shelter .
Milepost 13 : high fill with granite masonry abutments for a short timber stringer span over Willett Brook .
The yard was on the stub of a wye with branches to Harrison and Bridgton Junction .
There were 2 storage sidings and 4 spurs serving the agent 's station , a separate freight house , a team track , an oil distributor , a grain store , the B&SR shop , and a turntable with a 4-stall enginehouse .
Milepost 15.9 : Farmers Market - two northbound spurs ( one was a coal trestle . )
Milepost 16.4 : Forest Mills -- passing siding with a northbound coal trestle spur .
Baggage car # 10 later renumbered # 31
Baggage car # 11 later renumbered # 30
Coach # 18 purchased from Wiscasset , Waterville and Farmington Railway in 1911 .
RPO # 25 was badly damaged in a collision with locomotive # 7 in the Bridgton yard about 1927 .
The appearance of locomotive # 7 was permanently changed by replacement of a smaller number plate on the front of the boiler .
Flat cars # 2-13 were the largest flat cars on any 2-foot gauge railway in Maine .
Flat car # 21 was fitted with a 3,000 gallon oil tank for the Standard Oil Company of New York in 1920 .
The tank was later transferred to flat car # 14 when # 21 was scrapped .
Flat cars # 35 , 38 , and 41-42 were rebuilt by B&SR to a length of 28 feet when they required repairs .
Flat car # 40 was rebuilt as a flanger .
Box cars # 56-58 had two small hinged doors on either side which could be opened as windows when transporting livestock .
Box cars # 59-62 were the first 30-foot freight cars built for any 2-foot gauge railroad in Maine .
The British Columbia Institute of Technology ( BCIT ) is an institute of technology in Burnaby , British Columbia .
It provides full - and part-time polytechnic education leading to certificates , diplomas , bachelor 's degrees and master 's degrees in technologies and trades .
Dr. Verna Magee-Shepherd is Acting President of the Institute .
Dr. Don Wright will join BCIT as President in March , 2008 .
BCIT provides the majority of apprenticeship training in the province of British Columbia .
Approximately 16,000 full-time and 40,000 part-time students enroll each year , with over 100,000 alumni .
BCIT has over 1,400 full-time faculty and staff and more than 600 part-time faculty and staff .
BCIT has six Schools providing full-time and part-time studies in a variety of subjects .
William Herbert " Buckshot " May ( December 13 , 1899 -- March 15 , 1984 ) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in one game for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1924 .
The 24-year-old right-hander stood 6 ' 2 " and weighed 169 lbs .
On May 9 , 1924 , May came in to pitch the top of the 9th inning in a home game against the Boston Braves at Forbes Field .
He pitched a scoreless inning , with one strikeout , but the Pirates lost 10-7 .
Other notable teammates who would one day be members of the Baseball Hall of Fame were Max Carey , Kiki Cuyler , Rabbit Maranville , and Pie Traynor .
May died in his hometown of Bakersfield , California at the age of 84 .
Bullocks to Stan is an episode of the animated television show American Dad ! .
The next morning , Stan arrives at Bullock 's house after running some errands for him , but discovers that Bullock slept with Hayley .
Stan is against it at first ; however , Bullock says that he can get the promotion he wanted .
Francine is against the relationship and Stan tries to make a man out of Hayley 's ex-boyfriend Jeff ( whom Hayley broke-up with because he agrees on everything ) .
Jeff and Hayley get back together , and Hayley breaks-up with Bullock .
Bullock then claims that this was all a test to see if Stan would stand up for his nation and family ( though this seems not to be the case ) , stating he will give him the promotion .
Meanwhile , Steve finds Dick Cheney 's BlackBerry , which contains information on the secret White House bunker , Halliburton bunker and Satan ( as well as phone numbers to various politicians such as Tony Blair ) .
Steve and Roger begin making prank calls to the world leaders , but then they all * 69 the two .
This is a blow to Patrick Stewart 's character of Captain Jean-Luc Picard ; Bullock is voiced by Patrick Stewart .
Cal Anderson Park is a public park on Seattle , Washington 's Capitol Hill that includes Lincoln Reservoir and Bobby Morris Playfield .
The north end of the open park features a large mountain-shaped water fountain feeding a shallow texture pool , a reflecting pool , and a wading pool .
The south end features the lighted Bobby Morris Playfield .
The wading pool operates in the summer months from 12 noon to 7 p.m .
In 1908 it was developed as a playfield , and in 1922 its name was changed to Broadway Playfield so as not to duplicate the name of the new Lincoln Park in West Seattle .
The playfield was named after Bobby Morris , former King County , Washington auditor , in 1980 .
Meanwhile , the area around the reservoir had come to be known as Lincoln Reservoir Park .
On April 10 , 2003 , the entire area was designated Cal Anderson Park after Washington 's first openly gay state legislator .
The north west corner of Cal Anderson Park ( at the corner of East Denny Way and Nagle Place ) is designated to contain an entrance to the underground Capitol Hill Station of Sound Transit 's Link Light Rail .
CALOI is a major Brazilian manufacturer of bicycles and bicycle equipment , based in São Paulo .
Caloi was founded in 1898 by Italian immigrant Luigi Caloi and his brother-in-law , Agenor Poletti .
In 1990 Caloi started the operations of its US subsidiary in Jacksonville , Florida .
Caloi was directed by the Caloi family from 1898 to 1999 .
When Luigi Caloi died in 1924 , the company changed its name from Casa Luiz Caloi ( portuguese for House of Luiz Caloi ) to Casa Irmãos Caloi ( portuguese for Houseof Caloi Brothers ) , directed by Luigi 's sons Guido , Henrique and José Pedro .
In 1928 , Henrique and José Pedr left the company , and Caloi was directed by Guido Caloi alone .
In 1999 , the Caloi family sold the majority of Caloi 's voting shares to Edson Vaz Musa .
Bruno Caloi , who was the president of the CBC ( the Brazilian Cycling Confederation ) for many years , died in October , 2006 .
Caloi currently manufactures a broad range of bicycles , including Mountain Bikes , Comfort Bikes , BMX and Racing Bicycles .
It also features in the soundtrack to the 1999 film , American Beauty .
Candace Savage ( born 1949 ) is a Canadian writer .
Born in Peace River country in Alberta , she attended the University of Alberta .
Candie Payne ( born 1983 ) is an English singer-songwriter from Liverpool , signed as a solo artist to Deltasonic .
She is the sister of Howie Payne , the frontman of now defunct band The Stands and Sean Payne , the drummer of The Zutons .
Payne sings 60s-inspired pop .
The capture gun , also called a dart gun , is an invention which was refined by a team headed by Dr Tony Pooley and Dr Toni Harthoorn in Kenya in the early 1960 's .
Since then it has become the standard tool for capture of large and medium-sized animals to transport them safely .
The original piston-operated medium-bore gun fired a tranquilizer dart which is a syringe which was loaded with a dose of barbiturate and / or other drugs , backed by a ball bearing which was separated from the drug mix with a wadding .
Many large animals are acutely sensitive to stress and can easily die without careful treatment .
One major discovery by Dr Harthoorn 's team was that different species , despite being of roughly equal size ( for example the rhinoceros and the buffalo ) needed very different doses and spectra of drugs to safely immobilise them .
In some species the margin of error is very small indeed .
Modern capture guns are gas-fired and collapsible .
" Diamond " Carlo Citrone is a British professional poker player and commentator , based in Newcastle upon Tyne .
Citrone was raised in Whitley Bay by his father John Citrone , a fifteen-time world bodybuilding champion and supplier of sports nutrition products .
Whilst still a teenager , Citrone opened a gymnasium in North Shields and met Sunderland A.F.C. footballer Dave Buchanan , with whom he bought a health club in Redcar .
The health club went on to become part of a successful chain and was sold , leaving Citrone ( who was suffering from insomnia ) in need of a new challenge .
His major tournament money finishes include two World Series of Poker ( WSOP ) final tables and 2nd place in the £500 no limit hold'em event at the 2002 European Poker Championships .
Citrone also appeared in the Late Night Poker television series ( series 5 , episode 7 ) where he finished 3rd , behind Dave Colclough and Charalambos " Bambos " Xanthos .
In 2004 , Citrone was sentenced to two years in prison for smuggling 2,700,000 cigarettes .
Citrone denied his involvement , indicating that the person responsible was a fellow poker player .
Due to Citrone 's instructed lawyer , young up and coming poker player Brandon Chik , Citrone was allowed to pay far less than this amount .
He also appeared in the 2005 World Speed Poker Open , finishing 4th in his heat .
Citrone is known for taking his time over decisions and entered the speed poker event for the extra challenge .
Citrone is also a regular commentator on The Poker Channel , alongside Gary Jones .
He has one daughter , Angelina , born in December 2004 .
Carl Heinrich Georg ( es ) von Heyden ( 20 January 1793 Frankfurt -- 7 July 1866 ) was a German Senator and entomologist .
He collected insects in all Orders but was especially interested in Coleoptera , Microlepidoptera , Hymenoptera , Diptera and fossil insects .His collections are divided between the German Entomological Institute and the Senckenberg Museum .
He established himself as one of the most accomplished and admired light music pianists of his generation .
Known as the " Poet of the Piano " , Carmen Cavallaro showed a gift for music from age 3 , picking out tunes on a toy piano .
His parents were encouraged by a friend to develop the child 's musical talents and he studied classical piano in the United States .
As a young pianist , he toured Europe performing in many capitals .
He also worked briefly with Enrico Madriguera and Abe Lyman .
Starting his own band , a five-piece combo , in St. Louis in 1939 , his popularity grew and his group expanded into a 14-piece orchestra , releasing some 19 albums for Decca over the years .
Although his band traveled the country and played in all the top spots , he made a particular impact at the Mark Hopkins Hotel in San Francisco , which became a favourite venue , and which many years later , was to be re-visited in the same way by George Shearing and Mel Tormé .
Other venues where he drew large and devoted audiences included New York 's Waldorf-Astoria , Chicago 's Palmer House and the Los Angeles ' Coconut Grove .
His musical interests and arrangements included dance music , particularly Latin rhythms , tangos and strict tempo dancing styles , as well as some pop and jazz arrangements of classical melodies .
In this , he is often cited as being influenced by pianist Eddy Duchin .
Liberace was greatly influenced by both Cavallaro and Duchin .
All three shared a propensity for arranging classical piano themes in a pop idiom .
Carmen Cavallaro died from cancer on 10th December in 1989 in Columbus , Ohio .
Carter Anthony Beauford ( born November 2 , 1957 in Charlottesville , Virginia ) is a drummer , percussionist , and founding member of the Dave Matthews Band ( DMB ) .
He is known for his ability to mix together countless percussion styles , his ambidextrous approach to playing , and is highly regarded for his open hand drumming style , where his left hand leads on the hi-hat and ride cymbal in a conventional right-handed drumset set-up .
Carter was mesmerized by Buddy Rich on stage .
After that show , Carter 's father bought his son a tin drum set with paper heads since Carter showed much interest in learning the instrument .
Carter began playing his first professional gigs when he was nine .
Eventually , he joined Secrets , a Richmond -based jazz fusion band .
Carter also played in Blue Indigo with LeRoi Moore , Sal Soghoian , and George Melvin .
A driving Jazz band , Blue Indigo performed regularly at Tokyo Rose and Miller's , and was featured at the Delaware Water Gap Jazz Festival .
Eventually , Dave approached both Carter and LeRoi regarding some music he had written that he wished to record .
Upon listening , Beauford agreed , thus establishing his permanent status as DMB drummer .
Beauford has also contributed to other artists on side projects including work with Vertical Horizon , Carlos Santana , John Popper ( Blues Traveler ) , and Victor Wooten ( Bela Fleck and the Flecktones ) .
Cary Towne Center is a shopping mall in Cary , North Carolina .
It is managed by CBL & Associates Properties .
Dillard 's was added a year later , replacing the original Ivey 's store which had been a tenant since 1979 .
Thalhimer 's became Hecht 's in 1992 , which became Macy 's in 2006 .
The official spelling for the mall is " Cary Towne Center . "
However , it 's not uncommon to see it spelled " Cary Town Center " or " Cary Towne Centre . "
CBS Cable was an early cable network operated by CBS , Inc. , dedicated to the lively arts ( i.e. symphony , dance , theatre , opera , etc . ) .
It debuted in October 1981 and ceased operations on December 17 , 1982 .
CBS Cable was a personal project of CBS founder William Paley , who hoped it would blaze a trail for cultural programming in the then-emerging cable television medium .
Its program offerings were ambitious and often critically praised .
CBS Cable was competing for channel space by appealing to a select and relatively small upscale audience , while other networks coming on line at the same time such as MTV and ESPN promised larger and more broad-based viewership and therefore got cable operators to carry them far more easily .
MTV and ESPN thrived and gave rise to additional companion channels within a short time , while the CBS Cable channel folded after just over 14 months in operation .
Not to be confused with the CBS-operated cable network , Eye On People , which debuted in 1997 and soon turned into Discovery People , ultimately reorganized into Discovery Times .
The City Of Hayward opened Centennial Hall in honor of its 100th Birthday .
It was the former gym of Hayward Union High .
Parking is available in a parking garage ( via going through Centennial Tower ) or a parking deck located above Safeway .
Today , it is a convention center with 14,000 square feet of exhibit space and a capacity of up to 1,500 for events including conventions , trade shows , banquets and other special events .
Cesaroni Design Associates is a design consultancy based in Chicago , Illinois , created on August 31 , 1979 , by William C. Cesaroni. Cesaroni Design became the first private Industrial Design office in the Chicago area to offer Computer Aided Design ( CAD ) .
Currently , Cesaroni Design specializes in industrial design and product development with emphasis on human factors , user interface and brand sensitivity .
In its 27 year existence Cesaroni Design has completed more fitness equipment projects than any other design firm in the world .
Cesaroni Design 's project history ranges from medical to consumer goods .
Chad Edward Gaudin ( pronounced go-DAN ) ( born March 24 , 1983 in New Orleans , Louisiana ) is a right-handed starting pitcher for the Oakland Athletics of Major League Baseball .
Gaudin attended Crescent City High School in Metairie , Louisiana .
He earned All-State and district MVP in his junior and senior years .
Gaudin was selected by the Tampa Bay Devil Rays right out of high school in the 34th round ( 1009th overall pick ) of the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft .
On July 15 , 2003 , in his first start after getting called up from the Class A California League , Gaudin took the mound in the first game of a doubleheader for the AA Orlando Rays on the road against the Jacksonville Suns and threw a 7-inning perfect game , retiring all 21 batters he faced .
( Two 7-inning games is the standard for a doubleheader in most minor leagues ; Major League Baseball would later amend a rule recognizing only efforts of at least nine innings as official perfect games . )
Gaudin made only two more starts and posted an 0.47 ERA for Orlando before Devil Rays ' Manager Lou Piniella summoned him to the big league club .
When Gaudin made his major league debut , he had become the youngest Devil Ray in club history at 20 years and 4 months and was the 4th youngest player in the majors .
Although he pitched well as a starter at AAA Syracuse , he was just 1-3 with a 13.15 ERA in 5 appearances ( 3 starts ) with the Blue Jays .
Opponents had batted .470 against him in just 13 innings ( 31 hits ) .
On December 5 , 2005 , he was traded to the Athletics for a player to be named later , who later turned out to be outfielder Dustin Majewski .
Gaudin began the 2006 season for the Sacramento River Cats , the Athletics Triple A team .
His inherited runners to score was 20 percent which ranked fourth lowest in the American League .
In 2007 , Gaudin was converted into a starter again when veteran Esteban Loaiza was on the disabled list to begin the season .
His excellent performance as a starter in the 2007 season has made him part of the new ' Big Three ' that include Dan Haren and Joe Blanton .
The Chamicuros live on a tributary of the Huallaga river , in Perú , in an area called Pampa Hermosa , meaning beautiful plains .
As with all native languages in Perú , Chamicuro is by default an official language in the area in which it is spoken .
A Chamicuro dictionary has been created , however no children can speak the language as they have shifted to Spanish .
There is controversy in regard to whether Aguano is the same language , which one study ( Ruhlen 1987 ) says it is , but the Chamicuros dispute this ( Wise , 1987 ) , although this may be for cultural reasons and the languages may actually be intelligible but the different peoples do not relate to one another and maintain different names and connotations between their language or languages .
Changer les choses ( Change the Things ) is the official debut album by the France -born singer Nâdiy . The album was only released in France on November 5 , 2001 .
It spawned the French hit singles " Chaque fois " and " J'ai confiance en toi " .
Both singles charted in the French Singles Chart , but the album failed in France , not charting in the top 200 at all .
In the 1994 general election , he won the Macuata West Indian Communal Constituency for the National Federation Party ( NFP ) .
He was elected the Mayor of Labasa representing the Ratepayers ' Association in 1992 but in the municiapal elections of 2005 his Association lost in a landslide result to the Fiji Labour Party ( FLP ) , winning only two seats .
In the 1999 general election he contested the Labasa Indian Communal Constituency for the UNLP but managed to get only 10% of the votes cast .
Following the death of the sitting member , he contested the Labasa Rural Indian Communal Constituency in December 2003 for the National Federation Party ( NFP ) .
Charlie Gaudion ( born April 14 , 1904 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and North Melbourne in the VFL .
He was the father of North Melbourne player Michael Gaudion .
Gaudion was a key position player and began his career in 1926 at Footscray .
He was also a regular for Victoria at interstate football , playing every year from 1932 to 1936 , the last as captain .
In both 1956 and 1957 he coached North Melbourne , many of those games involving his son Michael .
The Cherche-Midi prison was a prison in Paris , France , that has been closed down and the builing destroyed .
In this prison executions were carried out .
The Christian Democratic Party of Timor ( Partido Democrata-Cristã de Timor ) is a center-right political party in Eas Timor .
At the last legislative elections , 30 August 2001 , the party won 0.7 % of the popular vote and 1 out of 88 seats .
He wrote the script for the Doctor Who serial Kinda in 1982 .
This script drew heavily on his own Buddhist faith and incorporated classic Buddhist terms such as dukkha , panna , karuna , devaloka and Mara --- indeed , " the Mara " was the name of the villain of the piece .
The strength of his script led to Bailey writing a second story for Doctor Who in 1983 .
This serial , Snakedance , was a sequel to Kinda .
Christopher Penley ( born circa 1990 --- January 15 2006 ) was a 15-year-old U.S. schoolboy who was shot by a SWAT team on January 13 , 2006 --- and died of his injuries --- after he had briefly taken another student hostage in a classroom and then later holed himself up in an outdoor bathroom at Milwee Middle School in Longwood , Florida , with an Airsoft gun painted entirely black to disguise it as a Beretta 9mm .
After the gun was discovered by a fellow student , he forced the student into the closet and shut off the lights in the classroom .
The student immediately fled and informed security , who called the police .
He was transported to Orlando Regional Medical Center where he remained on life support for two days before succumbing to his wounds .
A number of his organs were removed and used as transplants .
Seminole County Sheriff Don Eslinger said the boy was suicidal and would not respond to negotiators who tried to talk him down in the bathroom .
Some students at the school told the media after the incident that they knew he had " something planned " .
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement investigated the shooting and found it entirely justified , as Penley pointed a weapon at the deputy .
Christopher Penley 's organs were donated by his family .
Chris Penley 's death gave 9 people vital organs .
Christopher Penley has also had a game room at the Landmark Church dedicated to him and a Youth center .
Circuit Park Zandvoort is a motorsport race track located in the dunes near the town of Zandvoort , in the Netherlands , near the North Sea coast line .
Although there were plans for races at Zandvoort before World War II , the first street race was held on June 3 , 1939 .
A real circuit was not built until after the war , mainly designed by John Hugenholtz .
The circuit was inaugurated on August , 7 , 1948 .
The company that commercially ran the circuit ( CENAV ) went out of business , marking the end of Circuit Zandvoort .
The track , owned by the municipality of Zandvoort , was not used for some time and part of the grounds and approximately half of the track was sold in 1987 to Vendorado , a Bungalow park developer at that time .
A plan to save the remaining track was made by a group of people and companies .
In 1995 , CPZ got the " A Status " of the Dutch government and began building an international Grand Prix Circuit .
This corner is reportedly named after a local character who had earned the nickname of Tarzan and only wanted to give up his vegetable garden in the dunes if the track 's designers named a nearby corner after him .
On the other hand , many different stories about Tarzan Corner are known .
Circuit Park Zandvoort played host to the first race in the 2006/07 season of A1 Grand Prix from 29 September - 1 October 2006 .
In the history of the circuit , several fatal accidents have occurred .
The current layout is used in the SimBin game RACE 07 - Official WTCC Game .
Claire Keim ( born July 8 , 1975 ) is a French actress and singer .
Keim was born in Senlis , Oise , Picardie to an architect and a dentist .
For other uses see Clarence Dock ( disambiguation )
The Clarence Dock is a dock , on the River Mersey and part of the Port of Liverpool it is situated in the northern end of the dock system , connected to Salisbury Dock to the north and Trafalgar Dock to the south .
It was built as a self-contained steamship dock facility .
It opened in September 1830 .
Cliddesden railway station was a railway station in the village of Cliddesden , Hampshire , UK .
The station was a stop on the Basingstoke and Alton Light Railway until its closure in 1932 .
The station used for the filming of 1937 film Oh , Mr Porter ! which features Cliddesden as the fictional Buggleskelly .
It is located in the Bijeli Brijeg neighbourhood of the city .
The hospital was originally built as a regional medical centre in 1977 .
However , the building incurred damage during the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina and upon its repairs it was upgraded into a hospital .
Since 1997 the hospital has cooperated with the University of Mostar 's Medical Faculty in training medical professionals .
The Laboratory has a broad educational mission , including the recently established Watson School of Biological Sciences .
Seven Nobel laureates have been associated with the lab .
Though the lab 's name and address reference the town " Cold Spring Harbor " located in Suffolk County , Long Island , New York , its headquarters are in fact physically located in the adjacent Nassau County village of Laurel Hollow ..
The laboratory began its history in 1890 as an extension of the Brooklyn Institute of Arts and Sciences ; in 1904 , the Carnegie Institution of Washington established the Station for Experimental Evolution at Cold Spring Harbor on the site .
In 1944 Barbara McClintock discovered at CSHL transposons ( " jumping genes " ) , for which she received the 1983 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
One well-known aspect of the Laboratory is its hosting of the experiments of Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase , and the work of Max Delbrüc and Salvado Luria .
Another Nobel laureate scientist there was Richard J. Roberts .
Nobel laureate James D. Watson ( who co-discovered the double helix structure of DNA with Francis Crick ) served as the Laboratory 's Director and President for 35 years , and later assumed the role of Chancellor .
During the years 1910 to 1940 , the laboratory was also the home of the Eugenics Record Office of biologist Charles B. Davenport and his assistant Harry H. Laughlin , two prominent American eugenicists of the period .
In 1935 the Carnegie Institution sent a team to review their work , and as a result the ERO was ordered to stop all efforts .
In 1939 the Institute withdrew funding for the ERO entirely , leading to its closure .
Their reports , articles , charts , and pedigrees were considered scientific " facts " in their day , but have since been discredited .
The first of the annual Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Symposium on Quantitative Biology was held in 1934 .
The Symposium in 1960 , Biological Clocks , was arguably the founding moment of the field of chronobiology .
Now , over 24 meetings , in addition to the Symposium , for between 200 and 500 scientists , are held annually .
The Banbury Center is a small conference center that holds discussion-style meetings for only 36 invited participants .
The courses proliferated under Watson 's guidance and each year some 28 advanced courses are held for graduate students and postdoctoral fellows who travel to CSHL from throughout the world .
The laboratory also offers many programs for students in high school and college in biotechnology and biology .
The lab is particularly well known for its contributions towards the training of young scientists , notably through the establishment of its Undergraduate Research Program in 1959 , its Dolan DNA Learning Center in 1988 , and the founding of the Watson School of Biological Sciences in 1998 .
USP Coleman II is located in central Florida approximately 50 miles northwest of Orlando , 60 miles northeast of Tampa , and 35 miles south of Ocala .
The FCC Complex is located south of the town of Coleman , Florida , off Highway 301 .
The Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic is a tennis tournament on the WTA Tour held in Bali , Indonesia .
Prior to 2001 , the event was held in Kuala Lumpur .
Connecticut Classic Lotto is one of the games offered by the Connecticut Lottery .
It is drawn twice a week , on Tuesdays and Fridays .
The current 6/44 matrix was adopted in September 1989 .
The in-state game underwent further changes , such as adding a cash option in 1997 , and switching to what proved to be an unpopular " wild card " version in 1998 .
The name was changed to " Classic Lotto " , and the wild card ball disappeared , in May 1999 .
The current game ( as of 2007 ) pays winners $2 for matching three numbers , with parimutuel prizes for matching more numbers .
In the unlikely event that the annuity is chosen , the prize is paid in 21 yearly installments .
The overall prize pool is 52% of sales , half of which goes toward the jackpot alone .
As with all Connecticut Lottery games , the minimum age to play Classic Lotto is 18 .
The Classic Lotto jackpot was most recently hit on June 8 , 2007 ; the jackpot is almost never shared by two or more tickets .
The Connecticut Lottery had several options for distributing the $2.1 million cash that would have funded the jackpot prize ; as of June 2007 , there has been no official word as to what the money will be used for .
It is possible the money will go into future Classic Lotto drawings ; for a time in the mid-to-late 1990s , unclaimed jackpot cash was used to guarantee starting jackpots of $2 million , instead of the usual $1 million .
Since Connecticut is a member of the Multi-State Lottery Association ( MUSL ) , it is eligible to offer its other multi-state games .
One of these is the annuitized jackpot game Hot Lotto , played the same as its flagship game Powerball ; however , Connecticut is planning to continue Classic Lotto into at least 2009 .
The Cornish Colony Museum is located in Windsor , Vermont .
It is dedicated to the display of artists , sculptors , writers , architects and landscape designers who lived and worked in that area of Vermont and New Hampshire , near the Connecticut River .
It is operated by a non-profit corporation .
Its displays concentrate on the half-century between 1885 and 1935 .
Coronado Unified School District is the school district in Coronado , California
Through rigorous academic standards , high expectations , and a coordinated curriculum , the Coronado Unified School District , in partnership with our small , involved community , will graduate students with the knowledge and skills necessary to excel in higher education , careers , society , and life with the confidence not only to dream , but to determine their futures .
Cosham railway station serves the former village of Cosham , today a northern suburb of the city of Portsmouth in southern England .
Westward , the line through Cosham leads to Portchester and Fareham , eastward to a junction ( part of the local " Railway Triangle " ) between lines leading south to Hilsea and Portsmouth and east to Bedhampton and Havant .
Although the nearest station eastward is Bedhampton , there are no direct services calling at both Cosham and Bedhampton .
Passengers between these two stations must travel to Hilsea , the next station south on the Portsmouth line , and change trains there .
Local Civic Trust organization The Portsmouth Society has expressed its concern regarding low levels of usage at the station and urged that local planning policies should encourage its use .
Though lumped in with the latgely media-created Grebo scene , they were more influenced by the Garage Rock of the late 60 's , as well as bands like The Ramones , The Stooges and Captain Beefheart .
They described themselves as an " urban bastard blues band " , and their songs ranged in theme from trenchant social commentary to the surreal , but always with an underlying vein of black humour .
who were credited as " The Phantom Horns " or " The Space Bastards " .
Formed in 1986 , they signed to independent label Food later that year and their début single " Wha Gives You The Idea That You 're So Amazing , Baby ? " reached number 2 in the UK Indie Chart in March 1983 .
In mid-1988 their third single " Time Has Taken Its Toll On You " reached # 65 in the Top 100 , their label now owned by EMI .
The band embarked on another UK tour to promote their début album Deser Orchid , released in Octobe 1988 , along with another single , " Rags " , and then toured Europe supporting Iggy Pop .
They then released the Have Love Will Travel EP ( which reached # 68 ) before embarking on yet another UK tour .
In 1989 they made two brief tours of the United States , and appeared at the Reading Festival .
The band were dropped by Food Records in 1989 , and their second album Some Kind Of Fever was released through Revolver Records .
In 1992 they gigged across Europe , and in 1993 embarked on a tour of the UK in order to promote an album of cover versions Live In Memphis , even though the deal to release it fell through .
Over the next few years Crazyhead made sporadic live appearances .
In 1997 they released Fucked By Rock - a collection of previously unreleased material , demo versions , and live tracks , and an EP of new material 13th Floor .
They played their farewell gig in Leicester on 21st December 2000 .
The band reformed in 2007 and plan to start playing live again in 2008 .
Crown Pacific Partners , L.P. was a publicly traded partnership founded in 1988 which at its peak owned about 800,000 acres ( 3,000 km² ) of timberland , half in Orego and the rest in Washington , Idaho , and Montana .
It filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in June 2003 , with its remaining assets , 520,000 acres ( 2,100 km² ) in Washingto and Oregon , taken over by creditors in Decembe 2004 , who formed Cascade Timberlands , LLC .
Dahvin " DaHv " Daniels ( born August 23 , 1993 ) in Danvers , Massachusetts is an American rapper and singer .
She originally started her career through theatre and dance and later headed towards a career in rapping .
Dancemania is a series of remix compilation albums by i-DANCE ( formerly Intercord Japan , owned by Toshiba-EMI ) in Japan .
The series deals primarily with dance music , and many of the albums are licensed for use in Bemani games by Konami , such as Dance Dance Revolution or Dance Maniax for an exchange to advertise their record albums in public for free .
Daniel Near ( 1825 -- ) was an Ontario political figure .
He married Elizabeth Cronmiller in 1851 and then , in 1855 , Mary Harwisch , after his first wife died .
He served five years as reeve of Humberstone and was also a justice of the peace .
Daniel Claudiu Prodan ( born 23 March 1972 ) is a retired Romanian soccer defender .
From 1998 to 2000 Prodan played in Scotland with Rangers but made no first team appearances due to a serious knee injury .
Prodan got 54 caps for the national team between 1992 and 1999 , and was in the squad for the 1994 World Cup and Euro 1996 .
He scored one international goal , against Slovakia in 1994 .
He originally studied at the University of Cambridge , before taking a PhD at the University of London in 1972 , supervised by Bertram Wehrfritz , with a dissertation on group theory .
He is currently a Fellow of All Souls College at Oxford , where he is sub-warden .
His postgraduate students have included Marcus du Sautoy and Geoff Smith .
A limited edition contains a bonus CD , titled The Pentagram .
Dark Room Notes are a four-piece electro / synthpop band based in Dublin , Ireland .
The three founding members , Ronan Gaughan , Ruairi Ferrie and former drummer Ruairi Cavanagh originally hail from Galway .
According to Village they " seem to gather comparisons with the murkier side of electro pop , usually bands like New Order , Interpol or Joy Division .
While the comparisons have some basis , DRN are far from gloomy , just a bit ... cool. .. But this cool does not translate into pretension , just humorous and knowledgeable asides to their favourite artists , photographers and filmmakers " .
Dark Room Notes formed in Galway in 2004 , recruiting drummer Shanahan in 2006 .
They performed their first gig in Galway in December 2006 .
Producers already working with the quartet include Flood and Tom Rixton .
Current members
Former members
During 1996 , this product was accepted as the standard for the communication software products , employed to serve the Council for European Security and Cooperation .
In 1997 , Microsoft purchased a Datecs license for the distribution of the spelling and hyphenation product - Flex Word .
In cooperation with Samsung , Datecs embarked on developing retail systems in 1994 .
Two , Samsung based , electronic cash registers were reconstructed in order to expand their functions and adapt them for networking .
During the next several years , the range of company products has expanded with electronic scales , working in conjunction with a cash register and label printer ; POLE display , fiscal , " kitchen " , label and ESC / POS printers ; a portable cash register and an item server , plus a number of new program products .
David W. Snoke is a Physics professor at the University of Pittsburgh in the Department of Physics and Astronomy .
In 2006 he was elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society " [ f]or his pioneering work on the experimental and theoretical understanding of dynamical optical processes in semiconductor systems . "
He has worked for The Aerospace Corporation and was a visiting scientist and Fellow at the Max Planck Institute .
His research has focused on basic processes and phase transitions of electrons , holes , including nonequilibrium dynamics of electron plasma and excitons , the Mott transition from exciton gas to electron-hole plasma and Bose-Einstein condensation of excitons and polaritons .
His research group at the university of Pittsburgh uses stress to trap excitons in confined regions , similar to the way atoms are confined in traps for Bose-Einstein condensation experiments .
His book , A Biblical Case for an Old Earth was described in a review by Law Professor David W. Opderbeck , in the American Scientific Affiliation 's Perspectives on Science and Christian Faith as " succeed[ing ] admirably " in " establish[ing ] that the ' day-age ' view is a valid alternative for Christians who hold to biblical inerrancy " , but as " less persuasive " at " argu[ing ] for a concordist understanding of the Genesis texts and modern science . "
Behe has stated that the results of the paper support his notion of irreducible complexity , based on the calculation of the probability of mutations required for evolution to succeed .
Michael Lynch authored a response , to which Behe and Snoke responded .
Protein Science discussed the papers in an editorial .
On May 7 , 2005 , Behe described the paper in presenting arguments for irreducible complexity in his testimony at the Kansas evolution hearings .
In fact , Professor Behe admitted that the study which forms the basis for the article did not rule out many known evolutionary mechanisms and that the research actually might support evolutionary pathways if a biologically realistic population size were used . "
Davis Gym is an indoor athletics facility on the campus of Bucknell University in Lewisburg , Pennsylvania .
It was the primary venue for basketball and other indoor sports until the Sojka Pavilion opened in 2003 .
The Defamation Action League was started in January 2007 by professional spammer William Stanley ( see - ) in order to force the shutdown of the websites Ripoffreport.com and Badbusinessbureau.com - consumer complaint websites run by Ed Magedson .
The Defamation Action League says they are a group dedicated to fighting online defamation .
However , the Defamation Action League engages in defamation itself to further its aims .
June 21 , 2007 preliminary injunction was granted against DefamationAction.com and ComplaintRemover.com .
Stanley and cohorts were found liable for defamation and making death threats .
Delwyn J. Langejans is an innovative American luthier .
His father being a homebuilder , woodworking was a skill Langejans picked up early in life .
While in school , he developed a strong work ethic and an even stronger love of music .
During his time in the US Navy , Langejans made regular practice of entertaining his fellow sailors with his accordion and guitar talents .
After his naval discharge , Langejans took a job at Meyer Music in Holland , where he was trained in the intricacies of instrument repair and electronics .
The Langejans Dualette is a two sided guitar which was custom made for Thom Bresh .
On one side is a steel string-guitar and on the other is a nylon-string .
The harp guitar at the right was custom made for Hall of Fame Finger-picker Muriel Anderson .
Langejans also makes banjo-guitars as well as standard type models .
The Department of Natural Resources and Mines is the former name of the Queensland Government Department of Natural Resources , Mines and Water .
The name change was implement to recognise the Government 's policy focus on water supply in the current drought .
Although the name change recognised the new policy focus on water supply there was no new administrative responsibilities added to the Department ( which already administered the Water Act 2000 ( Qld ) ) .
He is the lead guitarist and songwriter of the band Gigi .
Budjana 's style changed dramatically to jazz as he got to know John McLaughlin , Pat Metheny , Jeff Beck , John Abercrombie , Chick Corea and Weather Report .
In his early experience , he established a band called " Squirrell " which was popular in the local community .
Throughout his musical experience in Indonesia , Dewa Budjana has collaborated with many famous guitarists such as Tohpati , Ridho and Abdee Negara .
Budjana 's first teacher was a construction worker who lived nearby .
He stole money from his grandmother to buy his first guitarHe prioritised guitar in his life , and started to teach himself by playing rock songs .
He became more passionate about music , and was reflected when Budjana moved to Surabaya , East Java , where he took a classical music course , performed with a band and participated in many of music performances .
After graduation , he went to Jakarta to pursue a career as professional musician .
Later , in 1981 , he bought a " real " electric guitar ( an Aria Pro II ) and started to play with many different people .
Slowly , his musical style changed from pop rock to jazz , as he started to incorporate influences from John McLaughlin of the Mahavishnu Orchestra , Chick Corea , Yes , Gentle Giant , Kansas , Tangerine Dream , American Garage , Bright Size Life , Pat Metheny and Allan Holdsworth .
In 1980 , Budjana started Squirrel , his first jazz band , with his schoolmates in Surabaya .
Squirrel participated in a number of national music events , including Light Music Contest in 1984 at Teater Terbuka , TIM , Indonesia .
This journey lead him to Jack Lesmana , an Indonesian jazz legend , who introduced him to other professional musicians .
Although Jack provided Budjana with opportunities in his Indonesian music career , it was Indra who first asked him to became a session player .
A few years later , Budjana joined the band Spirit , which included Baron , Gigi 's former guitarist .
With Budjana , Spirit released one self-titled album , before Budjana decided to leave the band and joined Java Jazz .
Since then , Gigi has released six albums .
He has also released his own solo albums : Nusa Damai ; Gitarku ; Samsara ; and Home , a tribute album to the December 2004 tsunami victims .
Since Dewa Budjana started his professional career as a musician , he has mainly used a Parker Fly Delux as his main guitar , occasionally using Klein and Gibson guitars SG series instead .
Budjana also owns a double neck Klein guitar which was used on his latest album , Home , and pictured on the CD cover .
Diego Silang y Andaya ( December 16 , 1730 - May 28 , 1763 ) was raised as an Ilocano ; his father was Pangasinense .
He was a revolutionary leader who conspired with British forces to overthrow the Spanish in the northern Philippines and establish an independent Ilocano nation .
His revolt was fueled by grievances stemming from Spanish tributes and abuses , and his belief in self-government , that the administration and leadership of the Roman Catholic Church and government in the Ilocos Region ( which at this time did not include Pangasinan ) should be led by trained Ilocano officials .
Born in Aringay , Pangasinan ( an area in present-day Caba or Aringay , La Union ) , he worked as a messenger for a local Castilian priest in Vigan , Ilocos Sur .
In so doing , the British sought to diminish the Spanish Empire .
British naval forces took over Manila in October 1762 , that inspired uprisings in the farthest north of Ilocos Norte and Cagayan , where anti-Spanish sentiments festered .
While Silang initially wanted to replace Spanish functionaries in the Ilocos with native officials , and volunteered to head Ilocano forces against the British , desperate Spanish administrators transferred their powers to the Catholic Bishop of Nueva Segovia ( Vigan ) who in turn rejected Silang 's call .
Silang 's group attacked the city and imprisoned its priests .
He was killed by one of his friends , a Spanish-Ilocano mestizo named Miguel Vicos who was paid by church authorities to assassinate him .
After Diego Silang 's death , his wife , Josefa Gabriela , took over the revolt and fought courageously .
A strong force was sent against her .
She was forced to retreat to Abra .
On September 20 , 1763 , she and about 100 followers were executed by the Spanish authorities .
Digby --- Annapolis is a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia , Canada , that elects one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly .
The Member of the Legislative Assembly since 2003 has been Harold " Junior " Theriault of the Liberal Party of Nova Scotia .
It was first released in 1996 in limited edition 12 inch clear vinyl album format by the US record label , Soleilmoon Recordings .
Subsequently , a CD version was released in 1998 by Soleilmoon Recordings , with additional tracks .
The album 's title is an amalgamation of the words ' digital ' and ' analogue ' , two of the principal technologies that have been used in sound recording .
The group have been quoted as adopting the failings in these technologies as a production technique in the creation of the album : " All audio equipment distorts sound to some degree and , eventually through mechanical and electrical failure , fucks it up .
Sound can be as dirty and as clumsy as anything else we perceive with our senses .
This is just as true of sound generated in the digital domain , much as we would all like to believe the claims of near-perfection made by audio equipment manufacturers . "
" We were using digital equipment to produce the music but in a very analogue way .
We were using sampling processes but in a very clumsy and coarse way . "
Distance Records is a French dance music record label .
Specialised in ambient , goa trance , house and techno .
This label has shut down , with the website going offline in 2004 .
It is located approximately 10 km from Panaji ( Panjim ) , and is approachable by ferry .
The Island is connected to Old Goa on the south-east side , Ribandar , on the south-west side and Narve on the north side , all by ferry .
A launch also connects Divar to the city of Panaji from further north-west , in the village of Vanxim .
The Konkan Railway passes through the village and the nearest stop to the village is the train station at Karmali .
The Island of Divar was a famous site of Hindu pilgrimage and hosted the the ancient temples of Shree Saptakoteshwar , Shree Ganesh and Shree Dwarkeshwar besides others .
These were irreversibly destroyed by Portuguese zealots in the 16th century in their drive for Christianisation of Goa .
The ancient site of Hindu pilgrimage is called Porne Tirth ( Old pilgrim spot-in Konkani ) even today .
Rui Gomez Pereira in his book Goan temples and deities writes , " The original temple ( Of Shree Saptakoteshwar ) was constructed in the 12th century by the kings of Kadamba dynasty .
It was again destroyed by the Portuguese in 1540 . "
The Saptakoteshwar idol was shifted to Narve in Bicholim after the destruction of the temple by the Portuguese .
The present temple in Narve , Bicholim was rebuilt by ShivajiRaje Bhonsale the Great Maratha leader .
A Jesuit priest Fr Francisco Sousa documented the religious importance of " Divar " in his book Oriente Conquistado ( Conquest of the orient ) around the latter quarter of the 16th or early 17th century .
The original inhabitants of this island were people who once lived in Old Goa but had to desert during a disastrous pest that greatly reduced the population of Old Goa .
Piedade , a small village is spread at the bottom of a small forested hillock on which there is the Church of Our Lady of Compassion .
The island is dotted with well maintained , elegant Portuguese villas .
From the top of the hill , superb panoramic views of the surrounding countryside , including Old Goa , the capital of Goa , Panaji , the meandering Mandovi river , and the bridges across it can be seen .
The villagers on the Divar Island often indulged in some kind of fight over the matter of ownership of their lands .
To stop the disputes the Portuguese , put up flags at the boundaries .
The villagers did not like this system .
So they protested against the Portuguese by throwing stones at the flags .
Melodious music could be heard throughout the village .
The gaily colored floats accompanied by colorfully dressed youngsters make a pretty picture .
The huge bell which today adorns the Se Cathedral in Old Goa was originally donated by the master of a sinking ship who 'd made a vow that , were he to survive his fate , he would donate the ship 's bell to the first church village , town , or city his vessel touched .
It so happened that that island was Divar .
Dorothea von Schlegel ( née Brende Mendelssohn ) ( October 24 1764 - August 3 1839 ) was a German novelist and translator .
Dorothea von Schlegel was born in 1764 in Berlin [1 ] .
Oldest daughter of the philosopher Moses Mendelssohn , a leading figure in the German Enlightenment ( Aufklarung ) .
She met the poet and critic Friedrich von Schlegel in the salon of her friend Henriette Herz , after which she left her husband .
They were divorced in 1799 .
She obtained custody of her younger son , Phillip , and lived with him at the Ziegelstraße , which became a salon frequented by Tieck , Schelling , the Schlegel brothers , and Novalis .
Schlegel 's novel " Lucinde " ( 1799 ) was seen as an account of their affair , causing a scandal in German literary circles .
In 1807lt she translated " Corinne " by Madame de Staë from the French .
In 1808 , Friedrich and Dorothea converted to Catholicism .
( She may have adopted the name " Dorothea " from a 17th century Dorothea von Schlegel who composed Catholic hymns ) .
They continued to visit the salons of Rahel Levin and Henriette Herz , as well as the constellation which surrounded Madame de Staë .
Since she was the daughter of the greatest Jewish philosopher of the Enlightenment - Moses Mendelssohn - ( of equal stature with Immanuel Kant , and translator of John Locke and Alexander Pope , as well as Hebrew scriptures into German ) , Dorothea was surrounded throughout her life by the leading poets , critics , musicians , novelists , and philosophers of Europe .
Gotthold Ephraim Lessing was her father 's closest friend and colleague , and the Emancipation and secularization of the Jews and Jewish culture was a direct outcome of their work .
( Mendelssohn was the model for Nathan der Weise in Lessing 's play of the same name . )
Friedrich the Great was Lessing 's patron , and he extended royal protection and sponsorship to Mendelssohn , as well .
To fully appreciate the importance of this cultural scene , see the entries for Moses Mendelssohn , Gotthold Ephraim Lessing , Friedrich Schlegel , Germaine de Staë , Felix Mendelssohn , Ludwi Tieck , Novalis , and others .
Dorothea was the common link or nexus among them all .
Most of her work , letters , biographies , etc. seem to be available only in German .
And there , with the legacy of the Holocaust , she would seem to have an ambiguous status .
Most of her later friends were Christians , assimilated or intermarried Jews ( like Rahel Levin ) , or secular Deists and materialists .
Her association with Germaine de Staë was obviously of the greatest importance , since she was also the patron and literary companion of Dorothea 's second husband , Friedrich Schlegel .
De Staë was the daughter of Jacques Necker , Louis XVI 's finance minister , and a leading figure in the collapse of the Bourbons and the French Revolution .
( See Christopher Herrold 's " Mistress to an Age . " )
( Alexander Altmann , Moses Mendelssohn , London 1973 , Moses Mendelssohn , Jubilaeumsausgabe , Bd .
12,1 , S .
43 ; letter to Thomas Abbt , May 1st 1764 )
In addition to a number of original songs , the album includes a cover of Siouxsie 's Cities in Dust .
Duane Bobick ( born 24 August , 1950 in Little Falls , Minnesota ) was a boxer from the United States , who became world amateur heavyweight champion in 1971 , and also won the gold medal at the 1971 Pan American Games .
He fought for the United States at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich , West Germany , and later contended for the world heavyweight belt during the division 's most highly rated era .
A tremendous puncher who developed well early by virtue of countless hours in the gym and ring , Bobick had an outstanding amateur career that included a win over Cuba 's famous Teófil Stevenson at the 197 Pan American Games .
Bobick added another future champion to his list when he beat Larry Holmes to be named to the 1972 U.S. Olympic boxing team for the Munich Olympics .
Bobick was rated a star at this early stage , and may have been very overconfident as he met Stevenson again during the Olympic trials .
Despite Bobick winning the second round , Stevenson knocked Bobick down in the third and the contest was stopped .
Bobick 's first match was against Tommy Burns .
He sent Burns to the canvas four times on his way to a first-round KO .
Bobick had 14 other fights in 1973 , winning them all by KO , including a win over former contender Manuel Ramos .
Bobick won his first 19 fights by knockout .
He also decisioned veteran boxer Billy Daniels .
Bobick was now 25-0 with 23 KOs .
He was then rated by many to be the sport 's new " White Hope , " taking that label from then-declining Jerry Quarry .
Frazier himself was approaching retirement and focusing on upcoming paydays with protege Bobick .
He had a tentative contract with Muhammed Ali in 1976 , but the fight never materialized .
Instead he met and defeated Larry Middleton , fellow Minnesotan Scott LeDoux , Bunny Johnson and Chuck Wepner among his five 1976 fights , all wins with two KOs .
Bobick had now improved enough as a boxer to be a legitimate title threat .
He took a 38-0 record with 34 KO 's into the ring against powerful former champion Ken Norton in May 1977 .
Following up on the staggered Bobick , Norton also landed a hard punch to Bobick 's windpipe but was never penalized .
The fight lasted just one minute before Bobick was counted out .
Bobick was widely criticized after the Norton match and dismissed by many .
Saturday Night Live made fun of Bobick by showing footage of his Nationally televised knockout loss , over and over again .
In 1978 , he was upset by South African puncher Kallie Knoetze for his second KO loss .
He fought eight more times against second-tier fighters in 1978 , winning all by KO .
He was looking to return to top-level contention in 1979 when he was KO 'd by future beltholder John Tate .
Another KO loss to George Chaplin that year led to an announcement of retirement .
Bobick returned to Minnesota and took heavy industry work before a machine accident nearly killed him in 1997 .
After that he went into coaching and public speaking , using his still-present celebrity to encourage and help others .
In November 2006 , Bobick was elected as a city councilman for the City of Little Falls , Minnesota .
Bobick also tried his hand at acting as , naturally , a boxer in Billy boy in 1979 .
A Dutch-Australian is an inhabitant of Australia with full or partial Dutch ancestry , the majority of these people were part of the Dutch diaspora .
The history of the Dutch and Australia began in 1605 with Captain Willem Janszoon , a Dutch seafarer , landing on the Australian mainland , one of the first Europeans to do so .
A number of Dutch people from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) found their way to Australia during World War II and fought with Allied forces .
The Netherlands East Indies government operated from Australia during the war .
Dutch settlers in Australia arrived as part of Australia 's post World War II assisted migration program , and from Indonesia after it achieved independence .
According to the 2006 Australian Census , 310,089 persons resident in Australia claimed Dutch ancestry , either alone or in combination with another ancestry .
78,931 persons declared they were born in the Netherlands .
Eberhard Faber GmbH was founded in 1922 in Neumarkt , near Nuremberg , Germany , as a pencil factory .
It was taken over in 1978 by Staedtler , a stationery company with global presence .
Eberhard Faber is a brand of pencils .
Eberhard Faber 's popular US writing pencil operations were acquired by Faber-Castell USA in 1994 before being bought by Newell ( Sanford ) and eventually rolled into the Paper Mate brand .
Count Anton Wolfgang von Faber-Castell had his pencil durability test published in The Economist magazine for the March 3rd 2007 issue .
In this test he threw 144 pencils from the 30 meter tower of his Schloss and not one broke .
The Count boasts lesser pencils will break but his graphite is very tightly bound to its pinewood sleeve .
Descendant Eberhard Faber V was a founding member of the band God Street Wine .
Eduard Hitzig ( February 6 , 1839 - August 20 , 1907 ) was a German neuropsychiatrist from Berlin .
He studied medicine in Berlin and Würzburg .
He had as instructors , famous men such as Emil Du Bois-Reymond ( 1818-1896 ) , Rudolf Virchow ( 1821-1902 ) , Moritz Heinrich Romberg ( 1795-1873 ) and Karl Friedrich Otto Westphal ( 1833-1890 ) .
He received his doctorate in 1862 , and subsequently practiced medicine in Berlin and Würzburg .
Hitzig is remembered for his work concerning the interaction between electrical current and the brain .
In 1870 , Hitzig assisted by anatomist Gustav Fritsch ( 1837-1927 ) , applied electricity via a thin probe to the exposed cerebral cortex of a dog without anesthesia .
They performed these studies at the home of Fritsch because the University of Berlin would not allow such experimentation in their laboratories .
What Hitzig and Fritsch had discovered is that electrical stimulation of different areas of the cerebrum caused involuntary muscular contractions of specific parts of the dog 's body .
However this was not the first time Hitzig had experienced the interaction between the brain and electricity ; earlier in his career as a physician working with the Prussian Army he experimented on wounded soldiers whose skulls were fractured by bullets .
Hitzig noticed that applying a small electrical current to the brains of these soldiers caused involuntary muscular movement .
Apparently Hitzig 's crude experimentation was inspired by work of 18th century physicist Luigi Galvani who noticed this same electrical phenomena on the brains of frogs .
Hitzig and Fritsch 's work opened the door to further " localized testing " of the brain by many others including Scottish neurologist , David Ferrier .
Ein Lied von Liebe und Tod ( English : " A Song of Love and Death " ) ( 1999 ) is a German and Hungarian co-production , filmed in German and starring German and Hungarian actors from various countries .
Its Hungarian title is Szomorú Vasárnap .
Although the movie centers on a romantic love triangle with tragic consequences , it has a strong history background , set in World War II Hungary .
The film is based on the novel by Nick Barkow , co-written and directed by Rolf Schübel and tells a fictional story about the creation of the infamous song Gloomy Sunday .
András falls in love with László 's lover and beautiful waitress Ilona who inspires András to write his only composition .
The resulting song Gloomy Sunday ( German translation : Trauriger Sonntag ) is at first loved and then feared by the public , for its melancholic melody triggers off a chain of suicides .
For a while Ilona lives in harmony with both men .
The German businessman Hans is a regular patron at the restaurant ; equally , he falls in love with Ilona but she rejects him .
He is now an SS officer and responsible for organizing the transport of Budapest 's Jews to the concentration camps ; however , he uses his position to save the wealthiest Jews ( and allows them to secretly leave German Europe ) in exchange for large " gifts " of goods and money .
Ilona does all she can to save László from deportation , but Hans is punishing her for his past rejection .
Many years later they see each other again ...
It is located just round the corner from Brixton tube station ( 1972 ) .
The elegant Victorian canopies over the pavements survived until the 1980s .
The road gave its name to the song by Eddy Grant .
In April 1999 , a homemade nail bomb exploded in the market , injuring 48 people , including a security guard who was trying to move disbelieving shoppers and a 14-year-old boy who picked the bomb up and carried it away from the crowds .
Elias Howell ( 1792 - May 1844 ) was a United States Representative from Ohio .
Born in New Jersey in 1792 , he attended the public schools and in 1819 moved to Newark , Ohio .
He was a member of the Ohio Senate from 1830 to 1832 and was elected as an Anti-Jacksonian to the Twenty-fourth United States Congress , serving from March 4 1835 to March 3 1837 .
He was not a candidate for renomination , and died near Newark , Ohio in 1844 .
The field exploits horizontal drilling technology by perforating the productive rocks parallel to the beds , rather than through a vertical well perpendicular to the relatively thin Bakken Formation .
At Elm Coulee Field , the Bakken is only about 45 feet thick and lies at depths of 8,500 to 10,500 feet , but horizontal wells penetrate 3,000 to 5,000 feet of the reservoir rock , a porous dolomite of Devonian age that probably originated as a large carbonate bank on the western flank of the basin .
The field is a stratigraphic trap .
In 2006 , Elm Coulee was producing about 53,000 barrels of oil per day from more than 350 wells .
Emanuel Bunzel born 1828 , was a nineteenth century Austrian paleontologist .
Emil Touma ( 1919 -1985 ) was one of the Palestinian intellectuals who remained in Israel in 1948 .
The Emil Touma Institute for Palestinian Studies is called after him .
Ervenik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ервеник ) is a village and municipality in Šibenik-Knin County , Croatia .
There are 998 inhabitants , the majority of the population which are Serbs .
Professor Calabi was a Putnam Fellow as an undergraduate at MIT in 1946 .
In 1950 he received his Ph.D. from Princeton University , where his advisor was Salomon Bochner .
He later obtained a professorship at the University of Minnesota .
In 1964 , Calabi joined the mathematics faculty at the University of Pennsylvania .
He won the Steele Prize from the American Mathematical Society in 1991 for his work in differential geometry .
In 1994 , Professor Calabi assumed emeritus status .
His work on the Calabi conjecture for Kähler metrics led to the development of Calabi-Yau manifolds .
These trains offer only 1st and 2nd class saloons , with no 3rd class cars .
The Express Nakhonphink is regarded to be the best train offered by the SRT .
Train Number 1 Bangkok - Chiang Mai ( there are the departure times )
Train Number 2 Chiang Mai - Bangkok
The basic manner of gameplay is similar as in the Konami 's Beatmania series ; however , as the franchise continues , it differs in style of music and gameplay .
The first edition of EZ2DJ was introduced in 1999 and the most recent version , ' 7th TraX - Resistance - Version 1.50 ' was released in December 2007 .
Ez2DJ The 1st TRACKS ( March , 1999 )
Ez2DJ The 1st TRACKS Special Edition ( December , 1999 )
Ez2DJ 3rd TraX - Absolute Pitch - ( September , 2001 )
Ez2DJ 4th TraX - Over Mind - ( August , 2002 )
Ez2DJ Platinum - Limited Edition - ( August , 2003 )
Ez2DJ 6th TraX - Self Evolution - ( August , 2004 )
EZ2DJ cabinet features a total of 10 speakers .
There are four mid-range speakers stacked vertically on either side of the screen , and two subwoofers located on the front of the machine .
The cabinet also features a pair of headphone jacks , so that both players may use their own headphones to enjoy the game 's audio .
Using headphones does not disable the external speakers .
Essentially this is very similar to the 7 key mode of beatmania IIDX , but due to the location of these effector button --- located in a row right at center of the console panel , right underneath the screen and away from the keyboard --- it makes it even more difficult than beatmania IIDX in some occasion ( especially since it also use the pedal ) .
Also , another gamemode named " Space Mix " uses all four buttons along with all keys and turn tables ( excludes pedals ) , becoming the hardest gamemode in the game .
The pedal is used in all gameplay and treated as a gameplay button .
But , in Space Mix , it is used as speed adjustor .
1 .
Some old songs ' hard mix is remixed songs ( e.g. Confete , Catch the flow , Ztar warZ , The Rhythm , Envy Mask , and so on ... )
2 .
' Let it go ' , ' Do you remember ?
' Freedom ' is disappeared after 1st Tracks , because sampling sound problem .
4 .
' BOB ' , ' My Honey ' are disappeared after 2nd TraX , and ' For 3 Weeks ' is disappeared after 4th TraX ( Copyright Problem ) .
4 .
Same Composer
6 .
Secret of Songs ' Name ( Original name )
7 .
( 2 ) 2nd TraX
( 3 ) 3rd TraX
OST Albums of 4th-7th TraX were not produced .
On July 10 , 2007 Konami won a patent infringement suit against Amuse World .
Amuseworld in satisfaction to KONAMI 11.7 Billion won .
The Fairfax Connector is a public bus service provided by Fairfax County , Virginia , and operated by Veolia Transport under contract .
The first buses rolled out in September 1985 as a lower-cost alternative to the Metrobus service of the regional Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority .
The Fairfax Connector , or simply " The Connector " , has since expanded to 50-odd routes spanning much of the county .
In 1994 , the service was extended to the high-technology industrial areas of suburban Reston and Herndon , located between Washington , D.C. and Washington Dulles International Airport .
Along State Route 267 ( the Dulles Toll Road ) , express buses carry commuters from free park-and-ride lots to the Washington Metro system .
Fares are paid in cash ( exact change ) , paper bus transfer , or a Metrobus weekly unlimited bus " flash " pass .
With a Metrorail transfer , fares are discounted to $0.35 exact change from $1 fares , and $2.10 exact change for $3 fares .
Senior citizens receive discounted fares ( either $0.50 or $1.00 ) on all buses , or free fare with a Metrorail transfer .
Children under age 5 and the disabled ride free on all routes .
The following are the line numbers and names that make up the Fairfax Connector bus system .
Fairmont State was founded in 1865 as West Virginia Normal School at Fairmont and was dedicated to educating teachers .
It was purchased by the state and became Fairmont State Normal School in 1867 .
It was renamed Fairmont State Teachers College in 1931 and Fairmont State College in 1943 .
In 1974 , a community college component was founded .
Enrollment of the university is about 7,700 .
FSU offers masters degrees in business , education , teaching , criminal justice and nursing in addition to 90 baccalaureate and 50 associate degrees .
FSU has added a major in Intelligence Research & Analysis within the past few years .
This major has been gaining recognition for FSU and attracting the attention of the Intelligence Community .
A list of works by Justin Broadrick .
Oleg Mikhaylovich Gazmanov is a Russian singer .
